 
---------baby powder------------ 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
Too many vendor mistakes on the market to order such a bulk. I don't want to buy 200gr. of baby powder.. 
---------dust------------ 
CosmicDust,  AlphaDawg, gilfoyle, that's the team on Dream market 
&gt;Possession of a Drug Factory Setting

Putting powder into Ziploc bags, the true industrial revolution. 
Unfortunately, DNMAvengers are more active than ever. They've just abandoned their "harm reduction" front and are now just a shill army, liars for hire mainly to the LSD industry. 
My non-DMN source on alp and etiz powders: "We don't have a strict date though as all the manufacturers are in Hangzhou and China has shut down industrial activity there for the remainder of the G20 summit." 
As u/ILoveSiracha said, just buy GBL on the clearnet. You're probably getting ripped off if you buy it from the DNMs. You can buy a liter of the stuff from cleanstar.pl and other sites like it, sold as "industrial cleaner." 
---------coke------------ 
Last batch of coke I bought was not very good and under weighed. I'm gonna try JSL next time. 
Doing coke by myself is the plan for now haha

Edit: Got a house to chill at nice, think they're only into weed tho... 
Here's a review I did for Mastery's coke yesterday:
https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkNetMarkets/comments/4y7h4p/vendor_review_mastery_1_gram_fish_scale_cocaine/ 
The coke I did over the weekend made me shit like 3 times after snorting about 150mgs.  Is there something to that?

The coke seemed pretty bomb. 
For me, it's not just who but when.

My all time favorite vendor is AlexSosa1kg when he first started getting a name for himself on Evo and Cloud9. He had the absolute bomb ECP and coke, and excellent customer service. 
---------flour------------ 
The white flour-like powder is 2cb. The other one is M. Don't know how you could confuse the two substances visually. 
I used to know a guy who actually got busted doing exactly that. Two ounces of flour to undercover cops. 
10/10 product used the flour to make a fucking sick cake! 
If you sell flour as cocaine, you can get charged with selling cocaine. 
---------fish scale------------ 
Basically it means uncut coke still in original chunks from off the brick.  It will shimmer in the light and reflect light in a rainbow hue like a fish scale 
Cause one day you'll spend $80 on a gram of fish scale and realize that shit you were getting for $50 a g wasn't even coke. 
Small update, looks like Mastery only has "mid-grade" cocaine listings on AlphaBay right now.

My original review/prices were based on the "fish scale" he was offering.

All his fish scale listings are showing as out of stock. 
for the price it is really really good, but i wouldn't say it was fish scale 
There's cheaper but his is advertised as fish scale...sure, pay less and get gear that's stepped to shit or pony up a little more and get actual quality. 
---------candy------------ 
dexedrine too.  those go for 10$ per 5mg pill, compared to hearing stories of american dr's handing them out like candy it's kind of insane. 
i thought that the red ones were cut with coke?  i would go with green they have acid in them candy flipping is dank 
1) awesome view.  2) candy flip, wink wink nudge nudge? 
dickpills are like candy on dn these days lol 
Starburst candy has weird looking mdma still got the job done tested fine Mdmazing is the best I've ever seen if he has stock go with him 
---------adam------------ 
wtf?  no, main vendors like madamkratom and the like, what are you even talking about 
Yeah, even Nostradamus wrote about it in his 16th century. 
IN CASE ANYBODY HAS ANY COMMUNICATIONS WITH OUR VENDOR ACCOUNT @ DREAM OVER THE PAST 4 DAYS , PLEASE PM US THE DETAILS!!! THNX

AdamLXno1 
Thank you kind sir or madam 
Adam Bomba checking in 
---------apache------------ 
two zero three five seven nine five five nine one

Ask for Apache 
---------china white------------ 
So won't people now just call their fentanyl "China white" and sell it as heroin, causing more people to die after they consume a huge amount of fentanyl because they think it's heroin? 
its a joke, alpha actively encourages a POShite vendor who sells china white which is nothing but chinese fent analog 
---------fenty------------ 
And fuck everyone who said that I was a liar about tranquillis white bars being cut with fentynal i used them to kick heroin and im still sick even after getting on methadone after suffering for over a month 
I was also victim but whites contains alprazolam but not 2mg and is cut with fentynal but yellows are completely fake 
---------snowflake------------ 
Reeks*, and thanks! Did i get any bonus points for crying like a skinny jean wearing, effeminate libtarded snowflake? Or should i somehow let it be known i like penis in my anus, go flaming lady boy for the full effect? 
&gt;SnowFlake

How's the clarity report demanded by Energy Control coming along? been er been working on that for quite a while now, huh? Got er got a compelling protagonist? Former moderator to use as a patsy? Beginning middle and end? etc 
there arent any snowflakes, all are the same...

actually all vendors are just 1 person, which is called Alpracream 
**SnowFlake** 
---------brown sugar------------ 
Despite whatever people say I've always gotten better reviews off my brown sugar and I always enjoy those rolls better. YMMV, but brown sugar is my personal choice

Do you smoke pure THC crystals? Or just the flowers/dabs? Still get awesome effects? 
The pix are of brown sugar boulders, the product you get is light tan moon rocks.  Not upfront about anything. 
That brown sugar mdma STINKS up a room. 
Never had KS but I rolled on some of LG's brown sugar recently and I had a blast. It had me dancing my ass off and didn't floor me like MDMA often does, comedown was minimal. OPSEC is good and shipping to USA is quick, took about a week. 
---------acid------------ 
No, but while chilling out in an average club you can easily sell 20 grams of mdma. To make that much money off acid you need to be selling like a sheet a day. 
yes!!! if it rains in the post that acid is fucked! 
acid 1 hell of a drug just saying 
If you tripped on 115 for an entire day, you ate some RC, not acid.

Your argument in the OP is just as foolproof as mine above. 
Acid is more valuable at a grateful dead gig in that there are more people who will actually want to take it but its generally cheap AF to buy at these noodling hippy jam band shows. 
---------alice------------ 
I really doubt the mod who did that was thinking it through that much. Never attribute to malice what can be explained by ignorance. 
---------haze------------ 
OP made a mistake, it's €23 for 2g and shipping's free. gjw has been one of my go-to guys, it's a pity he's out of cheese right now.

@Sn34kySn4ke his haze works wonders. I light one up before hitting the treadmill, very social and energetic high. 
Same but I wanna say i got some super lemon haze from him. 
Amnesia Haze. My most favourite Sativa strain - and I usually don't like Sativas.

Btw, if you tend to paranoia, Sativas can make it worse or trigger it (a lot more than Indicas do/es). 
Hi Panadahaze,

this is fucking normal! any reputable seller gives out no tracking code, which is a risk for all involved! 
Kitkatsupply - Louis Vutton MDMA Presses
http://hansamkt3iph6sbb.onion/listing/35541/


Overmind - Sour Haze Hydro
http://hansamkt3iph6sbb.onion/listing/33843/ 
---------grasshopper------------ 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
---------cookie------------ 
Well for me its not 2 much.....I sit in my house &amp; played house music on my 1200's....If I ever roll again....Probably will do the same.....Now where is my damn cookie?????? 
You saw me mention my friend makes my 300mg cookies right? Heh. 
How was the Girl Scout cookies compared to the dd and bc? 
They don't need a warrant to gather meta data through cookies of entire companies, the Internet is one giant grey area of what is and isn't legal 
Take some snakes with you. It'll distract them from the cookies. 
---------ganja------------ 
Sweet Ganja Jesus, I could almost smell those bad boys through my screen. How much for the sample? 
Ive always had a bad stomach and ive found crushing helps ease come up nausea for me. That and some nice ganja. Haha 
Half gram of mescaline and some ganja 
That's a great idea for a Narnia stoner movie haha. You just made me think of lucy walking through the fur coats to find a snowy land with 10 ft ganja plants growing out of the snow everywhere. 
Take me to your leader. (or dealer)

What are you talking about!? I'm smoking some ganja right now. Am I fukked? 
---------grass------------ 
I  remember starting out with a steroid vendor 25yrs ago buying nubain. Was far more grass roots then lol 
He must think he's like the cool Neil deGrasse Tyson 
Selling fake drugs (like random grass for weed, etc.) will still get you charged, so probably. 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
[Kid Buys weed off Instagram and finds out its grass.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YhwMAkw2Wbc) 
---------hash------------ 
10x lsd 
10x Xanax
I would like to try meth.
hash
and some dmt sounds fun to, idk thats what came to mind lol 
I think he would have written hash if it was hash. 
Pretty good price, my hash from him wasn't that great though. 
I've had a visit for 6G hash. Police are very pathetic sometimes. 
20g of weed, 10g of hash. you in the UK? you'll be fine, just keep an eye out for letters from HMRC. Worst thing that could happen is a visit from police to tell you that you were naughty, of course just deny knowledge of the pack 
---------herb------------ 
IKR Angel and HollandHerbs looooool 
Not like we got kids selling short cuts of herb through Instagram or Snapchat.  Naaaaaahhhhh 
I notice your username. Do you do anything other than herb?

I personally don't really enjoy weed... and I can't walk anywhere without tripping over some bud 
Dry herb vapes for cannabis? Never seen one. And certainly not an Arizer Solo. 
do you mean sythn weed or actual herbal incense for nice smells? 
---------weed------------ 
Definitely would use your med card. Hate being that stoner that believes weed fixes everything but I really believe it can help with anxiety, Atleast for some people. Give it a try trying those capsules could work out great. 
Steer clear of sativa strains on weed. Gg4 is a hybrid might have a sativa component that kicked up your anxiety. Smoke pure indicas.  Anxiety will pass. 
'MORARED1'......Based on my screen name.....I need some damn weed.....Bvhaahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!! 
I'll just smoke weed. 
Thing is, majority of non-weed users don't know what wax is, she probably thought it was some weird honey or something. 

Could she have even gotten that far? Was there a MBB or was the ripped open too? 
---------pot------------ 
[Seems Legit](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-FINZMzfTV-w/U9K0CHToBlI/AAAAAAAAUnc/QypXntoGDCU/s1600/Seems+legit.jpg) 
Hypothetically, if someone ordered from these deuchebags, is their address burned? Name burned? 
I surespotted one special one.  LOL 
40mg-100mg, 40 was my sweet spot.

150 is too much for me, anything above 100 is too much personally. I hate the "roll" sensations, feels like Im fucking myself up. Dont redose, its just makes the residual stimulation last longer. 
Cheers for the tag!  Spot on!  First time I've had more than 2 beers in months!!! 
---------chalk------------ 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
It drives me crazy when people say "based off of" instead of "based on." Like nails on a chalkboard. 
"On top of this, the bars are good are chalk."

What? 
Chalky?... like sand from the beach? 
Are colors on point? Bars still blocky? Chalky? 
---------crystal------------ 
transparent crystal :) absolutely perfect final work 
That was my experience. I got really high but it took quite a bit, definitely no chance of a k-hole. Supposedly Saintsymbiosis on Dream has the good crystal K. 
That's why you don't smoke it. Crush that crystal up and blow down a gator! 
Aren't shards just really big crystals? 
I cant find them on grams, is that their name? crystal dream store?

Also I've said multiple times in this thread I want rolls not xtal, from the name "crystal dream store" Im assuming he only sells xtal. 
---------salt------------ 
somebody's salty today 
Yep. This sucks. Kratom was recently banned in the UK under the new psychoactive drugs act. Kratom was bundled in with things like synthetic weed and bath salts. Coffee got an exemption tho. 
thanks dude, sorry for being salty 
Ganeshuk has a new batch in, no saltiness, it's not super strength but couldn't be called weak. Insane value for money, only downside is with him/her/them getting so many orders it takes a couple of days to ship sometimes 
There are good sources for pure racemic amphetamine salts if you look hard enough.. 
---------cactus------------ 
We'll call it...an inside job...you better not send me a box of tin foil hats that are filled with glitter inside of them!  If you're lucky, I'll come eat some cactus with you! ;} 
Yes. But it probably means it was synthesized in a lab rather than a cactus.

If it was natural mescaline it would have quite a lot of related plant hallucinogens mixed in with it, as they're difficult to separate. 
Wrap them in tin foil, roll that tin foil in maple syrup, then roll that in shattered glass, then violently shove it up your ass with a cactus as the pushing device. 
---------elephant------------ 
Its not a weapon its elephant sedative that will probably be sold as heroin or oxy and result in a bunch of overdoses 
https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkNetMarkets/comments/3g4jr9/markovich_125ug_elephant_lsd_tested_at_708ug/?ref=search_posts 
They use this to tranq elephants at like 40mg and the antidote to wake them up. Heard it's making it's way to PA too. Narcan might not even work depending on the amount. 
This guy... Officially the most badass L user... 

PS your prize is an elephant paw print of lsd. Please note actual elephants were harmed in making this prize 
Uff, I am a pro now. Even fix the top of a plastic bottles (cutted away) and close it perfectly ahahahahahahahah 

Anyway there are plenty of cons in using light bulbs... And to be honest I prefer snorting like an elephant :-) 
---------zombie------------ 
There's no way in this world such abuse of MDMA can be therapeutic.

Yes, you're happy for a few hours, but the day after you're a zombie. 
What? Good molly should have little to no effect the next day. I've only been zombied out from shitty street molly 
Yea i got a whole bottle of trazodone from someone for nothing. Really uncomortabe boner and feeling like a zombie the whole next day. 
