-------- baby powder------- 
Coke here is cut to shit with speed, clen, or baby powder mate don't even bother. Good speed around though. Huge meth scene, make of that what you will. Shrooms and weed are real good, pills are generally crap but there are great ones around. 
hate that. baby powder helps. thanks btw junior. dick all chafed now. rolled too well. forgot to put effort into women bc i didnt even fucking care atm. 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
Too many vendor mistakes on the market to order such a bulk. I don't want to buy 200gr. of baby powder.. 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
-------- nose powder------- 
-------- dust------- 
Your not hardcore until you smoke dust. 
I might be in the industry in cali:-) ... I would if you believe in cannabis and are willing to go to jail over it. Because medical or not it happens still.  Also farming is.hard work haha.       If you do it have fun!    Pm any questions 
ODB smoked dust 
Keep up the duster and your going to be too fucking stupid to be a greeter at Walmart. 
Yeah go and huff duster, just don't post about it here because people on their high horse will give you sound advice on how to not competely fuck up your health. 
De_dust2 man fucking dust2, fuck hostages, plant that fucking bomb 
0.05g. That's a joke right? That's basically dust. 
What industry at least. 
Around the youth smoking weed is about as common as drinking alcohol, at least in the campus Im at. This is mostly due to the hip hop/rap industry 
lol right? I'll bring that up once the dust settles a bit 
What exactly do you think people lace weed with? Noids/ dust / piff all have a very noticable taste/smell when they're added to weed 
The seeds themselves look exactly like poppy seeds so I am assuming they are. They had a very bitter taste that over powered the lemon I put in. Very nutty smell as I opened the bag with little bit of dust 
&gt; **angel dust** - PCP 
Well, you also suck up a shitload of hair, dust and whatever is in the carpet. 
It was called a thumbprint, they would stick their thumb into lsd and lick the dust off, giving them a massive dose. Sometimes was lesser done with liquid suspension. 
The only thing that comes close to matching your description is PCP/angel dust/ wet. But impossible to tell obviously. But also they just gave you a free blunt to smoke for no reason? 
I grew up on an industrial chicken farm, so every season or so when we had to replace the old litter, there would be an intense, lingering ammonia smell over the property for a week. 
Industrially it's made by heating ammonium nitrate, which is explosive. So probably not the best thing for ammateurs. 
EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
In boogie nights mark wahlberg used a prosthetic. Bc he was only 5 inches which ironically he was making a movie about the industry automod is talking about in the misconception of dick length 
Im guessing there are a lot of assets throughout their banking industry at least. 
You are 100% correct... dreaming and seeing things in your mind is directly from the pineal gland. Now you understand why the U.S. Government hates Cannabis with a passion, notably in the Nazi medical industry. 
Sadly this is true. As a member of the Tech Industry, I see tech companies are more worried about making money then making a difference in technological advances. Its sad to see big tech bending over backwards. 
EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
Putting powder into Ziploc bags, the true industrial revolution. 
Unfortunately, DNMAvengers are more active than ever. They've just abandoned their "harm reduction" front and are now just a shill army, liars for hire mainly to the LSD industry. 
My non-DMN source on alp and etiz powders: "We don't have a strict date though as all the manufacturers are in Hangzhou and China has shut down industrial activity there for the remainder of the G20 summit." 
As u/ILoveSiracha said, just buy GBL on the clearnet. You're probably getting ripped off if you buy it from the DNMs. You can buy a liter of the stuff from cleanstar.pl and other sites like it, sold as "industrial cleaner." 
Diet and exercise definitely helps. Pick up a healthy hobby to keep your mind busy. I got something you can do....blow the dust off the 1200's and throw together  a mix for us. 
cosmic dust has his listings up too. 
I did admittedly get 2 extra. The broken ones were mostly missing tips 2 solit in half. But there was a pills worth of dust, maybr just from the bottom of his bag 
It's all speculation. Until the dust settles we just don't know the score. 
Every industry experiences the phenomenon of consumers spending conservatively after the holidays. 
well there's your problem. I've never found anyone on AB that didn't sell TT'S stuff for overpriced amounts. Maybe cosmicdust and Alpha when they first re up everyone else charges 3 or 4 a tab 
Absolutely. When it comes to a shady trade like drugs, trust is of the upmost importance, and a vendor you can trust is a true staple in such an industry. 
My guess is that he works for a firm that essentially provides contractors for government agencies (and private industry most likely) who need temporary or non permanent workers with various IT/engineering backgrounds 
Awesome I just got some and stokednto try! Only disappointment is that several were broken one almost to dust. 
Weird I got 100 no broken ones a bit of dust and a few extras 
Different cosmic. Cosmic dust is the good one 
-------- gold dust------- 
-------- coca-cola------- 
If you mix coca-cola with baking soda, you get crack cocaine! 
lol they should've just photoshopped 'lean' on it. They probably just didn't want to pay coca-cola royalties for showing one of their product names 
Cant speak for frankmatthews, but all the MDMA I have ever purchased has been brown in colour.  Almost like crystalised coca-cola, never seen white MDMA. 
his coca-cola mdma s what im on right now and my jaw is clenched soo damn tight right now! 
-------- coke------- 
Quite euphoric ime approaching 60-80mg nasal. Much better than shitty coke. 
Awh don't say coke is safer than weed. 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
MDMA, coke and ganja sounds pretty great. 
that's a good approach! good it worked out for you. hilarious your dad referred to it as "chinese zombie coke" after using google 
Drove three hours to see some friends I haven't seen in a while, drank a shit ton, smoked a lil, and on the ball drop railed a fat line of coke to start the new year. It was a good night 
Feeling like you did too much coke is anxiety, it will slowly dissapear. Put your drug life on hold until your legal troubles are over, and find a better way to make money without risking your freedom too much. 
Quite euphoric ime approaching 60-80mg nasal. Much better than shitty coke. 
I feel the same way. "Duude you should sort your life out"- from someone who smokes daily and has done coke, whereas I've done LSD, MDMA, 25i only once each. 
Last time I was there, I was adamantly told to not buy anything off the street. What people thought was "coke" was actually China White Heroin and more than a few people have died in the last few years. Be careful! 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
that's a good approach! good it worked out for you. hilarious your dad referred to it as "chinese zombie coke" after using google 
Did you continue using coke after you took the MDMA? 
Light-moderate; if you insufflate the pure powder, it's actually pretty respectable... nowhere near the same league as meth or coke, but as I said, decent. Also, pretty much the cheapest drug out there in pure form. 
Pretty ironic how if you keep doing coke it'll only make it worse tho huh 
Been coked out and drinking beers since last night. I'm going like 14 hours strong right now. 
Yeah okay hey I'll sell you some blue color dyed flour for $120 a g I promise it's 110%pure coke I put it thru a real special process you can read all about it [here](www.bigblackdicks.com) 
been doing coke here and there from the street for a few years now, and it was always "meh" for me also. But i just recently got a gram of uncut fish scale from peru, and holy shit, it will change your entire view of the drug. 
Police supsected that somebody stole china white heroin and thought it was coke. 
I went deaf and blind. This was just a normal day in my life shooting a $20 of NYC coke. Now the time I straight OD'd on a coke shot was terrifying. 
except coke and alcohol is a great mix 
Nah it's bigger than that unfortunately. Do you think they might just give it up eventually if he gets out of town? I'm not talking a few coke debts. Dealers aren't really known to be PI's so I doubt they will find him. 
ive seen $200-300 grams of M, don't get me started on coke. 
its evaporating water that was absorbed by the coke from being exposed to the air. your using a toaster to evaporate the water from it. Thats not a sign of the coke being fresh. 
So is alcohol. Of course there needs to be education. People are going to do coke either way, isn't it better if they buy it off legit vendors and can be assured that its not cut with lidocaine, meth, other substances, etc. 
Sometimes it doesn't matter if I've done a lot or not, I get really quiet practically whisper when I talk lol. Not sure why this is but a friend of mine gets the same way sometimes when he does coke or adderall as well 
Yeah, I agree.  I was asking a leading question, counselor.  lol.  I knew why, but I was curious why justdidcoke felt the feds could easily do it themselves w/o apple's help. 
I was looking at Marios coke too, his MDMA was straight but still have to try the crack and coke. 
DNMs have the dankest Levamisole, but the markets keep misfiling it under coke. Check it out. 
haha been there n done that.. fact of the matter is though, i like all drugs and get along with all of them...except coke. 
If you're not getting euphoria off coke, how about trying crack? I find I get much more euphoria off crack, but its extremely moreish, much more than cocaine is. 
Last batch of coke I bought was not very good and under weighed. I'm gonna try JSL next time. 
Doing coke by myself is the plan for now haha 
Here's a review I did for Mastery's coke yesterday: 
The coke I did over the weekend made me shit like 3 times after snorting about 150mgs.  Is there something to that? 
The coke seemed pretty bomb. 
My all time favorite vendor is AlexSosa1kg when he first started getting a name for himself on Evo and Cloud9. He had the absolute bomb ECP and coke, and excellent customer service. 
Basically it means uncut coke still in original chunks from off the brick.  It will shimmer in the light and reflect light in a rainbow hue like a fish scale 
Cause one day you'll spend $80 on a gram of fish scale and realize that shit you were getting for $50 a g wasn't even coke. 
i thought that the red ones were cut with coke?  i would go with green they have acid in them candy flipping is dank 
I have ordered some coke. 
well...going on coke for 2 or 3 days helps for the worst...you will be broken down after this time and totally destroyed. but you wont get the worst WD's i think, cocain is simply stronger 
close, from what i read about it seems usps still looks fer the kilos of coke that magic # 2.2lbs seems anything over this weight might be investagated more. (dont remember where i red that either. i may have just imaniged that) 
for coke I could say medicsNL have good stuff as well as toyouteam. 
I have ordered more coke from different vendors, will review shortly after receiving them :) 
Isn't it weird? I fucking LOVE drugs, but damn. I don't want to do them with a bunch of other people. I'm up late snorting coke and the last thing I want is people around me. At least the dude was the life of the party for a little bit. 
His coke is benzocaine. 
He said he found coke in his luggage. Maybe he got caught with it? 
Not good weed, good mdma or psychedelics, all garbage drugs the only good thing is meth and coke 
i forgot the dosage, i can log onto a site and check but dont really feel like it, and very very verrry experienced with NBOMes. Im having a grand time honestly, making the coke come down more trippy, more relaxed 
My dick works just fine on some coke. 
IIRC each dog is only trained to search for one scent. For example, a bomb dog isn't going to be alerted to the smell of your coke. 
Xan money just like coke money 
Was probably a mix up. I've had a very well known coke vendor send me an Oz one time instead of the gram I ordered lol 
I know what you mean about the the solubility issue. But I always thought it was something they add to the coke to make it so soluble not the other way around. 
What do you even do with .5 of coke? 
Not good weed, good mdma or psychedelics, all garbage drugs the only good thing is meth and coke 
-------- flour------- 
If you're looking for orange flavor try bending the orange peel in half and squeeze it so the oils shoot out. If you want to save your moisture, I recommend using a flour tortilla they dry out and don't mold (typically). 
I just dry mine out until it's completely flour like and do little bumps until i feel it. Most speed paste is actually around 20% even though it is advertised often at 70%. 
paste is shipped over from EU and sold. It's garbage though, once you dry it out you lose half the weight, and then it's mixed with sugar/flour as well though I don't mind inactive cuts as much as I do active ones. 
Try ethylphenidate. Ha, no burn can compare. Makes a-php feel like flour. Binged for 3 days one time pretty sure I have a deviated septum :/ 
Yeah okay hey I'll sell you some blue color dyed flour for $120 a g I promise it's 110%pure coke I put it thru a real special process you can read all about it [here](www.bigblackdicks.com) 
Apigenin and Terpenes flourish in Chamomile, and Apigenin is psychoactive as a sedative. 
baking soda, flour, vitamin b powder, benzocaine, baby laxatives. 
I got it in crystals, it didnt look like flour at all. After I crushed it its clumpy and flour like. 
no you need flouride free toothpaste, you have been doing it wrong. 
Yeah its a fuckin travesty, the flouride is making us all so dumb to! Going exactly as planned. 
idk man i study organic chemistry(only a sophomore) and that flourine shit is terrifying. Don't get me wrong, i still dable in 4-fa occasionally. 
You're right. I got it confused with flouromethylphenidate. 
The white flour-like powder is 2cb. The other one is M. Don't know how you could confuse the two substances visually. 
I used to know a guy who actually got busted doing exactly that. Two ounces of flour to undercover cops. 
10/10 product used the flour to make a fucking sick cake! 
If you sell flour as cocaine, you can get charged with selling cocaine. 
u should make  a small still/condenser and distill out the flouride and poison, therefore into pure ethanol. Sip it in your finest mason jar 
Ya that's it. Looks fire. Should be like flour fam. 
Why did no one give me shit for having a 200MILLIgram 4flouromethylfentanyl habit but  carfentanyl is the devil 
Honesly looks like you put a buch of flour in a wet baggie. 
From the look its definitely more sandy crystal like than flour. Just some really NL shit ya know. 
Is fish flour another name for Cocaine in Ecuador? 
The first couple orders I had actually were decent. Came with some small rocks. Last two orders were like flour and not even sure it was real dope. It's a shame because her shipping is on point. 
-------- fish scale------- 
been doing coke here and there from the street for a few years now, and it was always "meh" for me also. But i just recently got a gram of uncut fish scale from peru, and holy shit, it will change your entire view of the drug. 
This was definably no fish scale. With fish scale they vaporize dope across the top of it. Thats pure raw man! 
Why do you have to keep mentioning how shitty dealers are and how they all cut? I've had a plug for fish scale for the past 5 years. In my area it goes for 160/G 
I'm sure you can find it but it's kinda like "fish scale" cocaine. Doesn't really exist anymore unless you know the person manufacturing it 
Basically it means uncut coke still in original chunks from off the brick.  It will shimmer in the light and reflect light in a rainbow hue like a fish scale 
Cause one day you'll spend $80 on a gram of fish scale and realize that shit you were getting for $50 a g wasn't even coke. 
My original review/prices were based on the "fish scale" he was offering. 
All his fish scale listings are showing as out of stock. 
for the price it is really really good, but i wouldn't say it was fish scale 
There's cheaper but his is advertised as fish scale...sure, pay less and get gear that's stepped to shit or pony up a little more and get actual quality. 
depends on the quality. social is 1350 and fish scale is 1650 
Didn't say if he got the mid grade or supposed fish scale that they sell 
Where's the shimmering oil look a.k.a fish scale? Could be just the lightning in the photo, but that chalky white look makes me think rerocked. I could be totally wrong tho 
He's got good prices if it's fish scale. Where do you rate his product on a scale of 1-10? Have you tried any others on the list? 
-------- candy------- 
IMO 300ugs and 300mg is a perfect candyflip 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2vn85f/mdma_lsd_the_candy_flip/ 
I've always tried to drop MDMA closer to the peak but I'll give it a go if I dabble in the candy flipped again :) 
Even SR ritalin only lasts about 30 min to an hour for me. I can pop them like candy if I let myself. 
I should try candyflipping. 
IMO 300ugs and 300mg is a perfect candyflip 
You can. It's called [synesthesia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synesthesia) I've had it happen to me once while I candy flipped and then smoked a joint. It was incredible. 
thanks! Yeah, I'm not a big weed person although I take a hit of a friend's j-bird from time to time. Just wanna make sure the happy candyflip fun isn't taken over by a certain "lowness" after the MD wears off basically 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2vn85f/mdma_lsd_the_candy_flip/ 
I've always tried to drop MDMA closer to the peak but I'll give it a go if I dabble in the candy flipped again :) 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Thank you! I've been reading these comments and I keep feeling like I'm missing something. Sure, the brother should've hidden his drugs better, but it's not like he left it out in candy jar. 
Its like candy flipping except you're not like deadzo, and there's much more powerful visuals 
Well shit! I'd say go crazy and mix 4-FA, 6-APB, 2C-B, and LSD. Crazy pseudo-candy-flip-roll-thing. 
The biggest thing is that I've been craving candy mainly skittles. And yesterday I stopped myself when I was looking for shards in my carpet. And I've been having issues spelling words I've known my whole life lol 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Those are some good points but I don't think they would hand it out like candy either.  Only extreme cases. At least hopefully. 
If its your first time for both then I think trying them separately first would be better before jumping right into candy flipping. 
Hey, I like terpenes period.  Stuff just tastes like candy to me heheh 
Im doing this same thing in a week. I have the chance for both and im deciding which one. I think ive decided mdma though because then i can drop the lsd while im waiting for my 6 week brain healing process and then im going to candyflip :) 
Thanks, I am searching for more information but I feel like I am just going to treat this situation the same as taking LSD two days in a row, so the trip aspect would not be as strong during the candyflip like you said. 
When combining drugs I normally describe the effects as 1+1=3, but for me 2C-B is like a 1+1=2 between LSD and MDMA. It's similar to a candyflip but feels much gentler. 
Turn it into butter/edibles as candyman said. I've smoked a pretty big joint of my buddies ABV and got pretty fucking stoned, but I have a tiny tolerance. It also tasted like anus. 
i hear that people that candy flip have a very uplifting experience if done correctly i would recommend yo take the acid then around the peak 2 or 3 hours in drop the mdma to   get the highest euporic experience. HAPPY TRIPPINGG 
Bad setting. Seeing something at a certain point just ruined everything. Don't think that just because you're candyflipping you can't be sad. 
giving out 100% like candy 
Don't you feel sobered up and just with a mellow feeling of "everything's nice"? Maybe my candyflip is different to everybody's for some reason... 
No,No. They were Angels from the seventh dimension. I saw it in a candy flipped induced vision in early 2015. 
candyflipping and then bumping mxe on the comedown 
dexedrine too.  those go for 10$ per 5mg pill, compared to hearing stories of american dr's handing them out like candy it's kind of insane. 
i thought that the red ones were cut with coke?  i would go with green they have acid in them candy flipping is dank 
1) awesome view.  2) candy flip, wink wink nudge nudge? 
dickpills are like candy on dn these days lol 
Starburst candy has weird looking mdma still got the job done tested fine Mdmazing is the best I've ever seen if he has stock go with him 
I got it from MDMA infused halloween candy as a child. 
I've gotten two sheets now through brain candy I can say that every sheet has seemed overdosed if anything. First time ordering I had a crazy trip after taking three. Never before would I have ever considered taking a single tab to trip. 
They do with grants the feds hand out like candy. 
You could even put that on candy or whatever the hell you want in order to preserve the "1 edible = 1 dose" format if you wish so. 
Cocaine, caramel thc candy, vaping medical grade pot and a few brewskies. 
John_ is atomic love. And brain candy and Holy Ghost. 
BrAincandy all the way 
Well maybe Braincandy was smart and didn't ship supply to his Household like Sergo did, SMFH... 
No expert, but those 3 don't sound like a good mix. Also why start with the opiates now, that shit is no joke. I'm not judging, just be safe. I would just candy flip. 
Braincandy got busted??? 
Braincandy on AB. 3 days click to door. 2 bucks a piece. He is a JOR reseller. 
I've had like at least 20 purchases from him since SR1, all of them came from Poland. I've tried 2cb, lsd (candy), changa so far each of which of high quality. 
Cocaine, caramel thc candy, vaping medical grade pot and a few brewskies. 
-------- adam------- 
I eat 90% dark chocolate high pea and anadamine, keeps you up its like speed 
Last time I was there, I was adamantly told to not buy anything off the street. What people thought was "coke" was actually China White Heroin and more than a few people have died in the last few years. Be careful! 
I'm doing vladamir Kush in art, surrealism is great when your high. I recommend just looking at Dali's stuff aswell 
I'm with you on this one, good sir/madame. 
Fuckin gadam right 
take off your shoes madam 
Uh, excuse me sir or madam - that comment reeks of Marijuana. I think I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the thread, please. 
To the guy that recently adamantly would not believe that people put fentanyl in xanax bars because alprazolam is already so cheap. 
lmao wtf /u/adamentalpaca 
I think its pronounced an adam sandler movie 
regardless the dude has mentioned multiple times he doesnt want to be associated with this website, not sure why he would suddenly change his mind since he was always so adamant about it before. 
Posting my review now at /r/My_Dear_Madame 
wtf?  no, main vendors like madamkratom and the like, what are you even talking about 
Yeah, even Nostradamus wrote about it in his 16th century. 
Thank you kind sir or madam 
Maybe, but I'm no Nostradamus. 
http://www.science20.com/gerhard_adam/how_reliable_are_sniffing_dogs-95956 
-------- kleenex------- 
-------- love drug------- 
I just love drugs 
In that case. I love drugs pussy and alcohol 
It is probably a love drug and you were gonna get loved but you ruined the surprise and now you ain't. 
I just love drugs 
In that case. I love drugs pussy and alcohol 
Times feels like its going by soooo fucking slowly when im sober after spending months high as a kite. that's why I love drugs so much. I wake up I get high then before I know it I get to rest rinse repeat. 
Most people here will be on the same side regarding drugs, you'd quickly run out of interesting topics that are polarizing to a forum of people who love drugs. 
It is probably a love drug and you were gonna get loved but you ruined the surprise and now you ain't. 
I love drugs and don't agree with dare but at least in my case they were right about this one. 
Source: Workout 6 days a week and I love drugs 
My thoughts exactly. I love drugs. I love how drugs make me feel good and how the people you're with when you're on something become the best-est of your friends. 
Ps, I'm glad you saw the bright side of this. I love drugs ;) 
i just love drug users that think all drugs are the same. please keep proving how ignorant and clueless you are 
Mdma can make you horny. I used to have sex on it. Didn't they call it the love drug? Extacy (especially bought off the street) is cut with speed usually. 
because i share a common interest with all of you. i love drugs and molly :) maye have came off a bit dicky what i said 
Yeah  actually in somewhat a similar situation to yours, but I'm the guy. She loves being dominated and trying drugs (hasn't done many before other than alcohol) and I love drugs in general. Usually shenanigans ensue. 
Bring the love drug ;) 
Been doing all sorted types of drugs since the 80's....Yes, i've gotten too damn far out there.....but there has been time I've been clean for over 2 years....TBH, i fucking love drugs!!!  Enjoy...Know YOUR limit... Enjoy....Be SAFE :-) 
I'll definitely watch that once I get off work. I love drug documentaries. 
He's not a random junkie though, he was his neighbor who he knew beforehand. The drug world is supposed to be a good world. We all love drugs wether its selling or using. Were all on the same team here, fighting the war on drugs 
Serious question: how do you apply for this job? I love drugs, Reddit, and have an undying hatred for USPS. The sick gratification I would get from fucking them over would be worth it alone. 
-------- skittle------- 
A few years back I had 120 mg/day prescribed. Docs give that shit out like skittles. 
bro tums is pussy shit. get yourself a proton pump inhibitor, that's the good shit. poppin prilosec like skittles 
The biggest thing is that I've been craving candy mainly skittles. And yesterday I stopped myself when I was looking for shards in my carpet. And I've been having issues spelling words I've known my whole life lol 
Holy fuck dude! I can now make my own skittles! 
Not a goddamn m&amp;m or skittles. Lol 
-------- apache------- 
Weed and world of Warcraft. Makes me feel like I'm there. Alt-z + first person perspective changes exploration and appreciation. Played bf3 my first time on LSD. I crashed this apache I was flying and screamed so loud. 
I wouldn't be sending anything unencrypted fia m2t anyhow. first I've heard about apache. 
-------- china town------- 
-------- china white------- 
Police supsected that somebody stole china white heroin and thought it was coke. 
take 15, wait an hour then take the rest, follow it up with 1 gram of china white 
9/10 dope is pure, uncut SEA china white or *very* good Mexican or Colombian, 80-90% pure. No way in hell is anyone vending that for $115/g. The going rate for 9/10 dope on the DNMs is probably $200-250/g. 
Never mind I just checked him out. I can get the same stuff cheaper IRL. Except the mexican "china white". Have you tried it? How's the quality? 
If you're selling this be honest and say its a fentanyl product aka china white. Don't sell it as Heroin. 
its a joke, alpha actively encourages a POShite vendor who sells china white which is nothing but chinese fent analog 
-------- blue diamond------- 
-------- fenty------- 
And fuck everyone who said that I was a liar about tranquillis white bars being cut with fentynal i used them to kick heroin and im still sick even after getting on methadone after suffering for over a month 
I was also victim but whites contains alprazolam but not 2mg and is cut with fentynal but yellows are completely fake 
I have always considered China white to be a fentynal mix. 
generally Diluadid under 4g and oxycodone 5mg.  I'm thinking that someone is not going to go to the trouble to press tabs that go for such a low price.  whereas I generally see oxycontin 80mg tabs frequently pressed w fentynal. 
He should have boofed the 5 fentynals right after the panic attack! 
-------- snowflake------- 
They use the search option and find tons of similar posts, you special snowflake! 
&gt; I mean residue the inside of the bag simply **sparkled like cute little relaxing snowflakes**. 
A sub dedicated to pointing out the immaturity of memes, aren't you an 'enlightened' little snowflake? 
They use the search option and find tons of similar posts, you special snowflake! 
A sub dedicated to pointing out the immaturity of memes, aren't you an 'enlightened' little snowflake? 
&gt; I mean residue the inside of the bag simply **sparkled like cute little relaxing snowflakes**. 
It'll affect you just like it affects everyone else, you're not a special snowflake ;) 
Reeks*, and thanks! Did i get any bonus points for crying like a skinny jean wearing, effeminate libtarded snowflake? Or should i somehow let it be known i like penis in my anus, go flaming lady boy for the full effect? 
there arent any snowflakes, all are the same... 
You are a snowflake. 
I do it everyday right here with you bastards! I don't even get paid to write about it. Fuck this snowflake. 
i just thought the snowflakes were cool.  I feel so... "tainted" ;)  .....     ;( 
you're not some special snowflake. 
&gt; just make sure you just give her little snowflake dried mushrooms whenever you see him. 
Uhh something something special snowflake words. Another mindless thing they all repeat and MUH WALL 
INah. Idiot actually means risk of DELIVERING DRUGS LIKE A DRUG DEALER MHAYNE. Cause this dude is a pure snowflake and God forbid he does something like that while doing his job. 
-------- dance fever------- 
-------- a-bomb------- 
-------- birria------- 
-------- black sheep------- 
Happy cakeday you black sheep you 
Happy cakeday you black sheep you 
-------- brown sugar------- 
most def. like brown sugar hahaha 
most def. like brown sugar hahaha 
About 80$/g for some good ol Canadian brown sugar. 
A nice black Darjeeling tea with a little brown sugar is perfect for me. Tea makes me sleep though. 
I've only ever had his brown sugar and ivory, and I think of the two, his ivory gave me a better roll. 
Despite whatever people say I've always gotten better reviews off my brown sugar and I always enjoy those rolls better. YMMV, but brown sugar is my personal choice 
The pix are of brown sugar boulders, the product you get is light tan moon rocks.  Not upfront about anything. 
That brown sugar mdma STINKS up a room. 
Never had KS but I rolled on some of LG's brown sugar recently and I had a blast. It had me dancing my ass off and didn't floor me like MDMA often does, comedown was minimal. OPSEC is good and shipping to USA is quick, took about a week. 
their brown sugar is the best mdma i've ever had 
Do not do that. Please do not cut with brown sugar or any sugar type substance. 
Increasing the potency?????  Are you for real???  I cut brown dope with brown sugar, the fiends love it.  I've never ever seen gray dope though but I have heard of it. 
-------- chiva------- 
-------- flea powder------- 
-------- la tierra------- 
-------- barry farrell------- 
-------- kit kat------- 
I prefer to eat my kit kat like the monster I am, without breaking the fingers and taking a full bite 
hes back now with 200mg kit kats 
-------- cat food------- 
I have a friend with a trash bin full of Weed and he has an ice cream scoop for when he sells out of it, one for ice cream, one he uses for cat food, and one he has just because they were on sale when he bought the third :P 
Well usually when I lost my ambien, it meant that I took one and stayed awake then ate the rest then tried to make burritos with cat food. 
sounds fine but fuck the vitamin bottle, crush it, vac seal, seal in mylar / old washed cat food pouch / etc and send it as a large letter. throw some card in there too 
-------- green k------- 
Your sister's smokin dope. Not the green kind either. 
I was gonna say, all you have to do is look. They look like beautiful green keif-y (or another color) rocks lol. You can just see the density sometimes. 
Oh wow I didn't realize. I use to get dozens of the skoal lemon/green kind from my buddy all the time when I was younger. 
-------- vitamin k------- 
-------- acid------- 
15-mushrooms,acid, hydrocodone, DXM, meth (snorted) 
Apomorphine gets its name through the production process. Decomposition of morphine in concentrated acid. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Let me just fax you this sheet of acid. 
Everybody who has an acid trainwreck seems to have smoked before or during. Stay off the grass if you're gonna trip 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Apomorphine gets its name through the production process. Decomposition of morphine in concentrated acid. 
15-mushrooms,acid, hydrocodone, DXM, meth (snorted) 
150$ on acid, 200$ on ketamine, 50$ on xtc. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Picked up a 10 strip of acid which is more than I've ever possessed so I expect to be trippin in 2016. I start grad school in the summer so I wanna get some fun in before I have to focus. 
Everybody who has an acid trainwreck seems to have smoked before or during. Stay off the grass if you're gonna trip 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Word, I've read that LSD and psychs in general stimulate that 'new' or 'profound' sensation in our brains so I take my acid realizations with a grain of salt. 
I probably should have taken this advice when it came to trying acid. Acid was my first major drug experience! 
damn I hope so. isn't most of the acid in the US made by a handful of people? Maybe theres a new family out there making it. 
Not sure on sub rules but the news post says "police still trying to determine situation" but a mate in the area said acid was found in him 
actually if you drink slightly acidic stuff - OJ, tomato juice ect. It will leave the body faster. y that manner, if you consume slightly basic foods/ drinks (alkaseltzer for example) your body will recycle it and keep it in your system longer. 
I used to smoke everyday, but then I did to much acid and now I trip when I smoke 
Wow, glad things never got that bad for me. It's amazing how wonderful acid can be while also having the potential to be the worst experience ever. 
No we don't, you should read up on acid/base chemistry before making a statement like this. There's a difference between straight up hydrochloric acid and a hydrochloride salt. 
i hear that people that candy flip have a very uplifting experience if done correctly i would recommend yo take the acid then around the peak 2 or 3 hours in drop the mdma to   get the highest euporic experience. HAPPY TRIPPINGG 
My eyes dilate but really really barely.  Especially with acid and 2cb its totally unnoticeable.  I do have really dark brown eyes though. 
Will your parents walk in on you tripping? I recommend you do the acid in a setting with no distractions so you can just be free with it and not have to hold back. 
They are 100µg tabs of tested acid. Thank you for the tips, i will reconsider my dose. 
So frustrating. Total opposite of cleaning on speed, whole house is done immaculately in 45 minutes. 45 minutes on acid is just about enough time to decide that the mess is even worth cleaning. 
Haha I thought u said DXM at first and got really confused. But I could see what ur saying to be true. idk if they would lie like that though because like the Beatles and other famous artists during the 60stime were known for doing acid. 
Couldn't it be the crystaline version of the acid? Because I know my friend has gotten 25-i in its crystal version. 
acid and lsd are the same things. :) 
Will do! Yeah he is my new goto L vendor for sure. I love his acid. 
Oh its awesome! Clean, fun, no body load, not debilitating, great visuals and CEVs. Universal for acid but KS's was just the most accurately dosed. 
In addition meth mouth is caused by both chronic dehydration and natural acidification of mouth and enamel, as well as its vasoconstrictior properties inhibiting blood flow to the gums 
Yeah, but all my trips are at home with my wife. Pretty much the same set and setting every time. Either way, I really love acid...and 2c-b. 
Yo bird help him lay acid pls! 
i thought that the red ones were cut with coke?  i would go with green they have acid in them candy flipping is dank 
No, but while chilling out in an average club you can easily sell 20 grams of mdma. To make that much money off acid you need to be selling like a sheet a day. 
yes!!! if it rains in the post that acid is fucked! 
acid 1 hell of a drug just saying 
If you tripped on 115 for an entire day, you ate some RC, not acid. 
yea i get what you mean, they can't convince them selves they've always been tripping on not acid... sad 
Ketamine and acid for music festivals. 
Glad you got your acid back. &lt;3 
yea the blunt enhanced the acid by like 100 lol i was having a great time until i smoked 
Team trust makes a lot of good and cheap acid. I chose TT instead of like gamma goblin or someone because I wanted to get a couple specific prints they made 
Just wondering, how could a sheet of acid possibly be found? It's scentless and easily hidden 
You never answered if you have 1000 bucks to spend on acid why didnt you spend less than 10 on a kit before ingesting it?  If you have 3.00 btc rn I can send a coupon your way where you only oay shipping on a kit so you get a kit for $2.90 
The sad thing was she accidentally killed her pet rat. I think she probably let it lick her tongue and the strychnine the acid was cut with killed it. 
2cb and acid are no where near the same thing... they have similarities... but are not the same thing. 
What you showed seems to me acid. 
a week long acid trip sounds fun... lol 
-------- alice------- 
I believe you're attributing to malice what can better be explained by stupidity. 
I believe you're attributing to malice what can better be explained by stupidity. 
Go ask alice is fucked. It was just a scare tactic. 
I've always wanted to watch the old alice in wonderland movies whilst on LSD 
nah its lanny or malice 
has anyone tested tguk alice in wonderland 115 ug(or some kind of similair fairy shit) blotters and super mario 150 ug? 
I really doubt the mod who did that was thinking it through that much. Never attribute to malice what can be explained by ignorance. 
"Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity." 
-------- white dust------- 
-------- haze------- 
white widow isnt even a "good" strain.. I buy only haze in the coffeeshop in holland. I live in Belgium drive for an hour buy 25 gram haze and drive back. been doing it for 10 years never had issues. We have open borders. 
Eat pills and pour Jack over ice. Roll a cannon of haze. Continue until comatose 
Purple haze digs deep. 
enjoy! amnesia haze is my strain of choice! We dont have much Kush strains where I live... 
I always get fog, not fog like as in silent hill mist like on deliriants but on psychedelics i get it as well as dissociatives. Idk what it is that does this but its a strange effect called "visual haze" 
I usually get psychoactive effects of amnesia/amnesia haze. Can relate to the visuals youre describing. 
no but u can dish it in the streets as super og lemon haze silver purp kush wax extra dank butter to make edibles with yea buy it man 200 a gram 
I did it for the first time today, and I have a SUPER low tolerance..................I smoked about 2g of amazing lemon haze..... 
Mmmm dark chocolate is heaven my friend, there were dark chocolate Lindor's in the box, it was the gold pack with hazelnut white chocolate original and dark, I love chocolate on MD omfg! 
I got some super lemon haze a while ago and it was average. Never used them again. Modern love 4 lyfe. 
@Sn34kySn4ke his haze works wonders. I light one up before hitting the treadmill, very social and energetic high. 
Same but I wanna say i got some super lemon haze from him. 
Hi Panadahaze, 
I'm only new to this heard of a few pals buying smalls amounts and the quality of bud was nice i'm fully aware of the amount of scammers on these sites, looking for some bud weekly.. where i live the weed is all sprayed haze dirt. 
-------- crackers------- 
Even something as simple as some peanut butter and crackers is a good idea, does not have to be anything fancy. 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Just Google firecrackers. Easy tek for single edibles 
Everything worked out fine, got sober from crackers and water and popped it. God it was The best thing ive ever done in my life i was sooo euphoric.:) 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Even something as simple as some peanut butter and crackers is a good idea, does not have to be anything fancy. 
Just Google firecrackers. Easy tek for single edibles 
i love to use choco graham crackers and a nutella/butter blend(more fat content). the nutella almost caramelizes on the edges and it tastes awesome 
I like to eat italian food smothered on crackers. Get some good crackers and a peice of lasagna or a big bowl of spaghetti and meatballs (with extra parm) and then smother each bite on a cracker. Oh man. 
Phenibut is dope i'm on some right now and it's pretty dope honestly i'm pretty happy heh and I miss those goldfish crackers the rainbow ones. 
Do you guys think making nutella firecrackers on a toasted sandwhich press would work? Mix the bud with peanutbutter, butter some crackers or even bread and press it... Can't use my oven for fear of smell. 
Totally normal. One time I ate three firecrackers cause I thought I was hard. Got high as shit and became very irrationally scared. Edibles can fuck you up. 
Edibles are gonn be the best for you and your friends , make firecrackers 
yes please and some juice and crackers...bitch. thats right you ask me bitch not me ask you for shit 
-------- grasshopper------- 
Only you can answer  that grasshopper. 
Patience, grasshopper. 
You have much to learn grasshopper....OPSEC is short for operational security. 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
-------- blue jeans------- 
-------- cookie------- 
Did you make the cookies and if so did you decarb? 
14g/24 cookies = .58g/cookie. 
How sure are you that there's 500mg per cookie? Whats your starting material? 
And then after your sesh, you wrap yourself in a cocoon of blankets with warm cup of tea and a plate full of cookies and watch netflix 
Did you make the cookies and if so did you decarb? 
14g/24 cookies = .58g/cookie. 
How sure are you that there's 500mg per cookie? Whats your starting material? 
I would just make a small batch of cookies or a cake or whatever, crush up the cake pops with a fork, and mix those babes into the batter. You may eat quite a bit but you're tolerance also sounds pretty low. 
[Id probably finally get around to writing that novel.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/familyguy/images/5/57/AmazonFTtSoL.png/revision/latest?cb=20150112032242) 
...You gonna leave a big ass chocolate chip cookie sitting in your mouth man? You eat the damn cookie lmao. I'm not trying to be mean, but it sounds like you need start doing more research before you get into harder drugs. 
Tracking cookies are the only type of cookies in hell. 
so if he drops it on a cookie would i eat the cookie? or just leave it in my mouth? 
Milk and cookies always turn me on. ;) 
Idk about the women you know but the ones I know only go to the kitchen to get a cookie/snack cake to take their Amphetamine with :P 
I think /u/pelican_vendor buys his sheets from Reximus but he seems like a smart cookie! 
Humboldtfarms red velvet cookies had ya boy pretty Stoney 
it sure looks like the picture he has on his listings for girl scout cookies 
norcal Growers got the game on lock gorilla glue. gelato , cookies . sunset sherbert 
Here's a cookie 
it was my brothers club in livermore that got raided , also Imedz in san jose, Purple elephant co op in oakland too.. the guy now owns cookies215 
Well for me its not 2 much.....I sit in my house &amp; played house music on my 1200's....If I ever roll again....Probably will do the same.....Now where is my damn cookie?????? 
You saw me mention my friend makes my 300mg cookies right? Heh. 
How was the Girl Scout cookies compared to the dd and bc? 
They don't need a warrant to gather meta data through cookies of entire companies, the Internet is one giant grey area of what is and isn't legal 
Take some snakes with you. It'll distract them from the cookies. 
Dude you gotta delete that stealth! And you are paying bills by flipping 4 weed cookies? How the fuck? 
yeah...session cookies..how else would you be able to stay logged in? 
&gt; cookies and cache 
Try removing the /challenge.php from the URL, and clearing your cookies. 
weed and lots of tylenol, luckily I have some sativa cookies and that helps a lot with extreme body pains. 
That's the way the cookie crumbles. 
I had the same problem. I was fucking around with the browser setting last night and I turned off cookies, once I turned them back on I was able to get past the ddos screen. 
Dablos platinum cookies is fucking bomb if he still has it up 
You shouldn't post what it came in. How about an actual picture of the cookies? 
It doesn't look like phishing. You should try clearing your cookies and cache, and closing the browser. Sometimes browsers cache the captcha image, displaying an image from the cache instead of the actual captcha. 
Dude you gotta delete that stealth! And you are paying bills by flipping 4 weed cookies? How the fuck? 
-------- ganja------- 
Unless you are malnourished from the last week, molly/ayo/ganja is fine. Just don't overwhelme yourselves. Go slow. 
MDMA, coke and ganja sounds pretty great. 
20mg it adderall and as much ganja was you wish. Sounds like a pretty chill day to me 
I've experienced this before. I was relatively new to smoking ganja (maybe a month) and smoked an entire bowl of kief. I seriously couldn't move without throwing up. 
Unless you are malnourished from the last week, molly/ayo/ganja is fine. Just don't overwhelme yourselves. Go slow. 
"Mum, I like ganja." 
20mg it adderall and as much ganja was you wish. Sounds like a pretty chill day to me 
Smoke a little ganja and you'll be Bueno! 
I'm aware you can't use ganja but man, just one measly hit and my nausea is gone. 2 more hits and I'm able to eat and keep food down. A nice little body high is a sweet bonus. Like within 10 minutes I feel 80%better. But to each their own 
i injected ganjajuannabis into my urethra and instantly camed, that shit was tight bro u should try it some time 
I liked it when it first started, but then I made the horrific mistake of smoking a couple hits of some strong ganja. I don't like it any more. Haha 
It's never going to work, I think a bunch of constabularies will turn a blind eye to it like they turn a blind eye to ganja now 
You pretty much just handed some dude in customs a lot of ganja. Or, they did an actual seizure and instead of raiding you they're letting it go and this is your warning. 
Hopefully it is, but even if not then you're just out the ganja and you made some assholes day. Fuck that guy for stealing your shit if that's what he did though. 
This guy went to jail for molly and ganja? Apparently europe isnt so bad after all, if you can handle all the dipshit immigrants that is. 
http://www.myplanetganja.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&amp;t=11022&amp;start=1695 
Ive always had a bad stomach and ive found crushing helps ease come up nausea for me. That and some nice ganja. Haha 
Half gram of mescaline and some ganja 
That's a great idea for a Narnia stoner movie haha. You just made me think of lucy walking through the fur coats to find a snowy land with 10 ft ganja plants growing out of the snow everywhere. 
What are you talking about!? I'm smoking some ganja right now. Am I fukked? 
It's a cut and paste from a ganja messsge board from Variety Jones / Plural of Mongoose but it contains a crumb of info that seems highly accurate and little discussed. Just for intrigue. Click the link and check it out lol 
-------- grass------- 
Beer and grass - you're on your ass. Grass and beer - you're in the clear. 
a pound of grass, a FUCKTON of crack and meth, heroin, nitrous 
Smoking grass while cutting grass 
Beer then grass: You're on your arse. 
Everybody who has an acid trainwreck seems to have smoked before or during. Stay off the grass if you're gonna trip 
Ah you beat me to it. Im still responding to random ass people on some Neil degrasse tyson thread from this sub from months ago about why psychedelics are not wormholes to other dimensions... 
I don't know. Valerian has a noticeable effect on me. Just saying that not everyone has your response. Or maybe you got poor quality stuff since companies can legally sell grass clippings as valerian if they want to. 
a pound of grass, a FUCKTON of crack and meth, heroin, nitrous 
Some kind of grass 
Everybody who has an acid trainwreck seems to have smoked before or during. Stay off the grass if you're gonna trip 
Only you can answer  that grasshopper. 
Yeah that gave me a chuckle. As if she needs to be weaned off something that has a half life of an hour or two that she's receiving on a monthly basis. If OPs mom said she wanted to "wean him off the wacky grass" he'd be livid. 
&gt; Last thing we need is tripping naked people laying in the grass. 
No. Benadryl is the worst drug. You may as well just go out side and roll in some freshly cut grass. 
Just remember,''beer and grass your on your arse, grass and beer your in the  clear'' 
Patience, grasshopper. 
You have much to learn grasshopper....OPSEC is short for operational security. 
Only to be thwarted by a grassroots Faye Dunaway campaign, no more wire hangers! 
blue dolphins back in the day deff had to have some sorta amp in them, n ya presses or even MDMA these days even at shows were i take mine always end up floored in the back sitting somewhere usually in the grass jus chilling, 
Just dont tell Alpo where your stash is,fuckin grass! 
The strain looks real good, but smells grassy/hay  &amp; taste the same, I msgd MMM &amp; told him about it, &amp; he has ignored me ever since. 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
I  remember starting out with a steroid vendor 25yrs ago buying nubain. Was far more grass roots then lol 
Selling fake drugs (like random grass for weed, etc.) will still get you charged, so probably. 
LocalBitcoins. It's a website for selling and buying BTC. You are not ready grasshopper. Please conduct some more  research before making any drastic choices. 
[Kid Buys weed off Instagram and finds out its grass.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YhwMAkw2Wbc) 
-------- hash------- 
To me gravity bong is like heroin, that hit when you exhale Holy shit also prefer with some Strong hash :D 
Definitely some lucy, shrooms, and a shitload of hash oil. Probably some mdma and assorted pharms for shits and giggles. 
I get it, I always still made hash coins with my kief from the grinder, but having enough product is a necessity 
Butt hash / ass hash. 
I mean iam doing it like that for a couple of years now and its all good... i dont smoke dabs or something. Just hash and buds. 
To me gravity bong is like heroin, that hit when you exhale Holy shit also prefer with some Strong hash :D 
Definitely some lucy, shrooms, and a shitload of hash oil. Probably some mdma and assorted pharms for shits and giggles. 
I mean iam doing it like that for a couple of years now and its all good... i dont smoke dabs or something. Just hash and buds. 
I get it, I always still made hash coins with my kief from the grinder, but having enough product is a necessity 
Butt hash / ass hash. 
non native speaker here, i think i completely understand what you mean :^( 1. how do you smoke hash oil? 2. so you just scoop the leftovers? it is the same as eating everything you just heated? 
My parents gave me my first drugs (shrooms, back when they were legal). Didn't care about my hash smoking either, though didn’t supply that. 
Get some good adderall, you'll clean your house spotless and have alot of fun doing it. Or if downers are more your thing, try hash- some of the good shit is waaaay stronger than weed. 
This just reminds me of trailer park boys since I haven't smoked hash 
It's just vague, subjective feelings rehashed over and over with little consistency and no reliability. It gets old. But if it helps them personally, then cool. I can't shit on that. I'll just be a happy atheist/naturalist in the background haha. 
These are fucking worthless if it's just hash/kief pressed into a bar without being decarboxylated. Dumbest shit I've ever seen apart from a girl in high school eating an eighth of flower and acting like she was hallucinating. 
Desperately trying to buy some hash but getting nowhere :'( 
I just waited an hour and a half in the cold on the sketchyest street in town for some low quality hash... Why do I bother with local merchants. 
Also agree. bubbahash the best. 
hash 
I think he would have written hash if it was hash. 
Pretty good price, my hash from him wasn't that great though. 
I've had a visit for 6G hash. Police are very pathetic sometimes. 
20g of weed, 10g of hash. you in the UK? you'll be fine, just keep an eye out for letters from HMRC. Worst thing that could happen is a visit from police to tell you that you were naughty, of course just deny knowledge of the pack 
Didn't hashishuk publicily retire a few months ago 
I use BitBargain (UK). As far as I'm concerned, the 14g of hash I buy every months is hardly going to be of concern to any LE for them to go through the trouble of trying to track it back to a DNM purchase. 
I literally just want to buy some cheap Cialis and a bit of hash 
Second this. I tried the Aretsan Golden and it's the best hash I've tried from DNM. 
When I hashtag shit it makes it bold. 
What is there to review hash over an over 5 times, afaik just roll once and smoke it 
Doubt the cartel does make hash, this is just marketing. 
Well, Danhash is defo them then. 
-------- herb------- 
A good pre-formulated herbal detox stack might help. 
Pre-herbivorous canon. Australian. You're welcome. 
What other herbs do you recommend? 
I got one for herb n dabs $25 but I had the ecig battery already for it 
i am aware that it is long, however, i wanted to explore every aspect of this herb so yea...shit gets complicated lol. 
Lmao, never tried yohimbine, its kind of a shitty "laymans herb" in my opinion. MDMA, MAOIs in low doses all make it a good time in my experience. i combined with tram once, felt barely different. trams lame imho. 
Google Paleo method decarboxylation. And no., the cannabinoid can no longer decarb once infused with a lipid. Trust me I'm a caregiver of 8 years. His method will explain it. Good luck! Any questions just ask I know my shit about the herb 
A good pre-formulated herbal detox stack might help. 
Pre-herbivorous canon. Australian. You're welcome. 
That's me. My name is Nicholas bauer. I am an ethnobotanist and psycho active herb activist. I design kava bars and I'm currently working to create a scripted emotional commercial to be released in a month or so. 
As someone who gets heart palpitations from coffee and would probably get it worse from things like Kava and Yerba Mate, what would be some herbs I should try? 
Congrats? You live a normal life and do shit everyone else does AND smoke the devils herb?! Damn son. 
That the harms of prohibition and untruthful propaganda are reported as the harms of the herb. That's 100% spin. 
Also be aware that while it is a herb, it's also a drug and you should treat it like any other mild opioid. 
norcal Growers got the game on lock gorilla glue. gelato , cookies . sunset sherbert 
god damn that's some nice flowers! What could he have improved stealth wise? Thinking about using him in the future but stealth is a big factor for me! Especially when it comes to the herb. 
Always smoking herb. Going to order some bars and Lucy when I get my tax return lol. It'll be a good time 
lucy woulda made me go bonkers good thing it was just a stick of  herb 
https://motherboard.vice.com/read/apple-should-replace-imessage-encryption-researchers-warn 
Not like we got kids selling short cuts of herb through Instagram or Snapchat.  Naaaaaahhhhh 
I notice your username. Do you do anything other than herb? 
Dry herb vapes for cannabis? Never seen one. And certainly not an Arizer Solo. 
do you mean sythn weed or actual herbal incense for nice smells? 
Compared to what a herb you are I would take it as a blessing! 
He told me he received an exceptionally large order that he was not ready for and sent him scrambling for more product, so things might be backed up on the wax side. As far as herbs, mine shipped out no problem. 
SFTreats sunset sherbet and NativeRootsOnline Lemon Kush with some friends (have yet to try this vendor, looks a bit dry but smells pretty lemon-y) 
Klonopins and herbs. Happy new year AK 
Unless you're in a country that has the death penalty for small amounts of herbs 
There are no Wikipedia reliable resources reporting on the AlphaBay latest so I can't. Ironically if I had not blogged already Joseph Cox would have probably covered this in motherboard :/ 
http://motherboard.vice.com/read/inside-a-dark-web-pill-lab 
-------- weed------- 
replace weed with cocaine 
Awh don't say coke is safer than weed. 
12-weed 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Smoke weed, have a xanax, drink tea and watch TV. 
18 - weed 
exactly, as long as you're not retarded and get drunk as fuck then smoke a shit load of weed, get the spins, then throw the fuck up. 
Oh yes definitely. I get that with weed sometimes too. 
18 - weed 
cool il look into that, eh i was told it was best thing to use aside from weed. IS green tea good, like u just sandwich it in green tea? 
Coke here is cut to shit with speed, clen, or baby powder mate don't even bother. Good speed around though. Huge meth scene, make of that what you will. Shrooms and weed are real good, pills are generally crap but there are great ones around. 
thanks! Yeah, I'm not a big weed person although I take a hit of a friend's j-bird from time to time. Just wanna make sure the happy candyflip fun isn't taken over by a certain "lowness" after the MD wears off basically 
12-weed 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
you found a very good guy as a dealer, but I think mine would give me weed on credit without problems, I just need to ask, but I do that only if I'm 100% sure to pay him back, not because he scary me in some way, just for respect. 
Agreed, for me they're a total waste of weed since I can really only inhale a few hits or else I'll be puking my guts out while hardly being able to stand up from excess nicotine. 
Smoke weed, have a xanax, drink tea and watch TV. 
BC Canada here. its only ever past 200 if its the most dank weed you've ever seen. 
Around the youth smoking weed is about as common as drinking alcohol, at least in the campus Im at. This is mostly due to the hip hop/rap industry 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Smoked weed and immediately wanted to do LSD and shrooms lol 
Cannabis? Isn't that "weed"? Or are you referring to Jimson Weed? Devil Grass? Devil's Trumpet? Angels Trumpet? 
Get some good adderall, you'll clean your house spotless and have alot of fun doing it. Or if downers are more your thing, try hash- some of the good shit is waaaay stronger than weed. 
If you get pulled over with weed in your car, you are pretty much fucked anyway, no "hiding" is needed. 
Why is she snorting xanax in the first place? Sounds like a lot of people I know when they first got into drugs other than weed. She's probably going to end up finding out the hard way, but if you'd like to waste your energy talk to her family. 
Some LSD and weed 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Doesn't matter if I'm in the US or somewhere in Europe, I NEED the weed in order to actually feel normal while I'm on methadone. 
Wtf! Enough weed makes my tongue drier than a stick of chalk 
I'll give it a shot man. Anything that might help me sleep is Great lol it doesn't help that this is the first time I've rolled without smoking weed on the comedown.... Oh well. I'll just chalk this up as a lesson learned! 
What exactly do you think people lace weed with? Noids/ dust / piff all have a very noticable taste/smell when they're added to weed 
Acid/psychedelics, amphetamine, weed, ghb, mxe, nitrous, mdma, xanax. All super cheap could easily spend under 300 and get interplanetary 
those fentanyl bars are killing the game. i went from pushing 1000 a week to basically none. ive gone back to moving pounds of weed because i cant get bars gone anymore which is insane 
Tums might actually do the trick, can't believe I didn't think of that. I smoke way too much weed 
You were only fucking with weed and kratom and got your house searched?! Where are you from Syria? 
You're meme is dank like weed sir. 
Damn homer tried smuggling in weed again 
Edit: Got a house to chill at nice, think they're only into weed tho... 
Selling fake drugs (like random grass for weed, etc.) will still get you charged, so probably. 
[Kid Buys weed off Instagram and finds out its grass.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YhwMAkw2Wbc) 
20g of weed, 10g of hash. you in the UK? you'll be fine, just keep an eye out for letters from HMRC. Worst thing that could happen is a visit from police to tell you that you were naughty, of course just deny knowledge of the pack 
I personally don't really enjoy weed... and I can't walk anywhere without tripping over some bud 
do you mean sythn weed or actual herbal incense for nice smells? 
Definitely would use your med card. Hate being that stoner that believes weed fixes everything but I really believe it can help with anxiety, Atleast for some people. Give it a try trying those capsules could work out great. 
Steer clear of sativa strains on weed. Gg4 is a hybrid might have a sativa component that kicked up your anxiety. Smoke pure indicas.  Anxiety will pass. 
'MORARED1'......Based on my screen name.....I need some damn weed.....Bvhaahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!! 
I'll just smoke weed. 
Thing is, majority of non-weed users don't know what wax is, she probably thought it was some weird honey or something. 
Yep. This sucks. Kratom was recently banned in the UK under the new psychoactive drugs act. Kratom was bundled in with things like synthetic weed and bath salts. Coffee got an exemption tho. 
His A weed is B grade. 
Not good weed, good mdma or psychedelics, all garbage drugs the only good thing is meth and coke 
I'm only new to this heard of a few pals buying smalls amounts and the quality of bud was nice i'm fully aware of the amount of scammers on these sites, looking for some bud weekly.. where i live the weed is all sprayed haze dirt. 
Dude you gotta delete that stealth! And you are paying bills by flipping 4 weed cookies? How the fuck? 
weed and lots of tylenol, luckily I have some sativa cookies and that helps a lot with extreme body pains. 
I should have been more specific (sorry about that!) .. He's being quite polite, but I ordered a strain of weed and got a completely different strain 
I tried weed few months after my last high dose LSD trip and It felt really fucking odd. It wasn't like the last I smoked weed, it was like a LSD trip. Just without the intense visuals and the mind fuck. 
Not good weed, good mdma or psychedelics, all garbage drugs the only good thing is meth and coke 
Haha Ik exactly what u mean. If you are one of them people that can get too high. Or have a bad reaction with weed. I wouldn't mix it with LSD. People say it can be a good idea but it been proven to increase the chance of a bad trip. 
Does it smell like weed? 
Dude you gotta delete that stealth! And you are paying bills by flipping 4 weed cookies? How the fuck? 
I meant if I'm experienced smoking weed will it help with my psychological state when dealing with tripping? 
Dude they have no preoccupations there other than growing weed haha so weird it comes from there! 
Doesn't really make a difference what they're selling, but weed is cheap and plentiful. 
Haven't got DNM weed before but the buds look great with the new camera. 
people report different things, in my case weed potentiates the opiate buzz in terms of euphoria 
-------- pot------- 
Mdma 15+ times, usual doses being ~200-300ug for LSD and 150-250mg mdma. I've taken bigger doses but those are my sweetspots. 
the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 
It could still be cut, and not homogeneously distributed through your stash I.e. With hotspots. 
If anything it would only lose a very small amount of potency. Id say it definitely still is worth taking. 
Did you like this story? [Check out my blog!](http://terrysfriendharry.blogspot.com/) 
Spot on. Natural tends to be my go to and a safe zone, but thanks! Definitely up for trying addy, thanks for the suggestions. 
[ Idk, random cactuses might have potential... ] (http://i.imgur.com/zGqV75B.gif) 
It will likely reduce the potential of the shrooms, but in some cases can completely negate it, and other instances people report they trip just fine. As long as she's only doing 2-3 grams or so to get a feel for how it affects her this first time. 
DPT may be my favorite psychedelic. I do have a soft spot for LSD and DOC, but I think I'd take DPT over most any tryptamine--though obviously it's suited less for some things than others. 
Thanks for the advice, any and all suggestions are welcome :) I'll look into possibly taking out a small personal loan, I hadn't considered that yet! And yeah I'm just glad this fuck up didn't go as horribly as it potentially could have. 
the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 
Seen it after a year in a mason jar. Kinda the color of Dijon mustard and dry as hell. Super couch lock. But it wasn't buried. Jars are good but there's probably a better spot for you. 
[ Idk, random cactuses might have potential... ] (http://i.imgur.com/zGqV75B.gif) 
Get some good adderall, you'll clean your house spotless and have alot of fun doing it. Or if downers are more your thing, try hash- some of the good shit is waaaay stronger than weed. 
Oh but that's the best part of hiding.  Finding some neat, new, hidden spot that *NO ONE*, I mean not a single other member of that house, knows about. 
Wow, glad things never got that bad for me. It's amazing how wonderful acid can be while also having the potential to be the worst experience ever. 
No, my hypothesis is that once you've experienced a trip, just like any other strong memory, you can feel like you're re-experiencing the trip. It has nothing to do with the chemicals being in your system anymore. 
They are everywhere in Denmark, but they are pretty easy to spot, toned windows, same stationcar type, sometimes Vans. 
Yes 1000 seeds was closer to the dose for me. You have to order the seeds special you can't use the ones at home depot (they treat them so you can't get high). 
This. When you're risking you're OWN opsec to provide people with a warning &amp; potentially saving a lot of people from getting investigated because of said incident..well, that sounds like a straight up dude to me. 
Hypothetically, of course. 
Word.  I could have searched that now that I think about it.  But I just recently came across them again and put them with the rest of the stuff that needs stashed away in my 'spot'.  Figured I'd ask in a relevant thread. 
What was your sweet spot dose? 
[Seems Legit](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-FINZMzfTV-w/U9K0CHToBlI/AAAAAAAAUnc/QypXntoGDCU/s1600/Seems+legit.jpg) 
Hypothetically, if someone ordered from these deuchebags, is their address burned? Name burned? 
I surespotted one special one.  LOL 
40mg-100mg, 40 was my sweet spot. 
Cheers for the tag!  Spot on!  First time I've had more than 2 beers in months!!! 
China White is fentanyl mixed with something else, usually mannitol, to make it about the same potency by weight as heroin. 
Cocaine, caramel thc candy, vaping medical grade pot and a few brewskies. 
Increasing the potency?????  Are you for real???  I cut brown dope with brown sugar, the fiends love it.  I've never ever seen gray dope though but I have heard of it. 
I updated my post, my pack from Wizard came in today and it was spot on! Sorry for making the post just got sort of nervous. Glad to here your doing good. 
Cocaine, caramel thc candy, vaping medical grade pot and a few brewskies. 
Speed paste is basically amphetamine in its form which hasn't dried yet (there are few things in it which make it more potent when in this form, I think). You could either let it dry (what I did) or eat it as it is - wet. 
na man, i've found some really high grade potassium-ghb you vacuum condensed and shit shoots up ok; na-g just sucks in general and gbl is death; or rather what got me into all of this shit :D 
dude that is seriously irresponsible. If it were heroin or some fentanyl/mannitol mix you wouldve been dead. To a lesser extent it couldve been a very potent psychoactive or amphetamine. Not cool dude. 
people report different things, in my case weed potentiates the opiate buzz in terms of euphoria 
Check his pot history. He is already trying to get people to direct deal with him through sigaint 
You might want to read about the guy who was recently busted &amp; sent a CD with a tracking device in the package... If i were in your spot right now I wouldn't be ordering shit from anywhere and laying low as fuck for a while 
No. Bitcoin just does shit like this. Keeping in mind it's a reactive currency, there is much more potential to make bank than an exit scam at a spike. 
Looks more like the 2-Fluoro-Ketamine analogue. It's also more potent than the parent. ×2 I believe. 
-------- hot ice------- 
-------- chalk------- 
Looked identical to the 2 mg script bars I've seen. Not chalky really just a very very hard pill that could barely even be scratched 
switch to klonopin it tastes sweet-ish.  like sweetened chalk. 
I have a little bit for my seizures since I'm epileptic. I take it if I feel one coming on... I always compare it to menthol chalk haha. 
lol i knew this white girl last weekend. Was straight up pool chalk, 200 out the window. 
this happens to me when i do blow all the time. i just chalk it up to the cocaine and the drip 
Initially I was going to post a sarcastic response, but that wouldn't be very constructive. If you feel it necessary to chalk these ideologies up to insanity be my guest. 
Looked identical to the 2 mg script bars I've seen. Not chalky really just a very very hard pill that could barely even be scratched 
switch to klonopin it tastes sweet-ish.  like sweetened chalk. 
I'd chalk it up to "different drugs affect different people different ways". 
Back when I messed around with PST, I'd dose Friday and Saturday.  Sunday and Monday I'd feel pretty lethargic which I chalked up to "withdrawal."  Made the switch to kratom and never went back to PST. 
Wtf! Enough weed makes my tongue drier than a stick of chalk 
I'll give it a shot man. Anything that might help me sleep is Great lol it doesn't help that this is the first time I've rolled without smoking weed on the comedown.... Oh well. I'll just chalk this up as a lesson learned! 
I fucking hate those chalky ass pills. They make me puke just looking at them or even taking 1 or 2. I have to use the capsules. 
I've already taken that into account and refrained, still had temperature fluctuations. At this point I chalk it up to, "weird shit that happens because drugs" 
My prescriptions are chalky though? 
It's pretty purple, theres no other color to describe it. It's not bright purple, but a chalky purple. 
Eh it's only 100 pack of bars just chalk it up to a loss. At least it wasn't a k pack 
Those are fake as fuck, get a new plug man those are probably 80% chalk lol 
I don't even know myself. I'm chalked full of being up all night at the er. i vomited for 3 hours straight. they say I went into a fugue state. i might still be there 
newsflash: you can snort XR too! Just takes more time and effort than the chalksters 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
I'm sure it was something else.  What do pressers use for filler?  When I put it in my mouth it expanded and took on an extreme chalky consistency.    Any idea what that is?  Tasted just like baby powder. 
It drives me crazy when people say "based off of" instead of "based on." Like nails on a chalkboard. 
"On top of this, the bars are good are chalk." 
Where's the shimmering oil look a.k.a fish scale? Could be just the lightning in the photo, but that chalky white look makes me think rerocked. I could be totally wrong tho 
I don't really know what would warrant the post office destroying any mail. I would chalk delays up to slowness or temporarily lost mail. 
Chalky? Thought XE puts a gloss coating to prevent chalkiness? 
I'll savor this little white chalky powder until an apocalypse happens then. Fuck that! Don't know what you got till it's gone :( 
well im not all that educated with the #'s but its like a gray chalk consistency basically powder when u shave it or blend 
Did your bars arrive a bit chalky and maybe a tad brittle? 
Just bought a K pack off him. Bars were fine, press was ugly and chalky but got the job done. 
Great news esp considering they were alil chalky, Must have been packaged decent for transit 
I've had this happen. Around the same dosage also.  I chalk it up to an overload on the system. Plus being tired. 
I bought some oxy from him a year ago and they were obvious bunk pills. They were chalky white and about 2x the size of a legit pill. Looked like freaking Altoids, they were so rough. Tossed them out. No way was I trying that shit. 
They are hard hard pressed and snap decently, if not a little hard to break 100% evenly. No chalk or any broken etc though. 
-------- chicken feed------- 
-------- crystal------- 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Will not create rocks.  Big MDMA crystals are an adulterated form. 
MDMA should be cryztalized so it probably is mdma, its usually a bit brownish but i have heard of people getting pretty pure mdma crystals aswell. 
Thanks for the response! Assuming I get the MDMA in that chunky, yellowish crystal form, should I just weigh out 90mg of that and parachute it? 
I probably can but I rarely go for crystals. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Racemic MDMA simply will not grow huge crystals like that.  MDAM HCL ends up a a powder, or small crystals. 
That's right.  this crystalline powder is a wormhole that only opens when you ingest it, and closes when the substance has been broken down. 
I probably can but I rarely go for crystals. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Will not create rocks.  Big MDMA crystals are an adulterated form. 
Why don't you recrystalize the mdma and I don't think 5 htp crystallizes so you could sift it out. Or look up solubility of 5 htp and mdma and separate then re-x 
You know they prescribe oral meth for ADHD right? (Desoxyn) Not that thats exactly related to swallowing a "raw" crystal but thought you'd want to know. 
Eh depends on where you live really just like all slang. I view ice as just being crystal meth although I do love the name "Tina" haha. 
Pure crystalline is nice, i prefer railing it. But I do have to say some of my best rolls were from bombs, maybe it was the adulterants haha 
But you can disolve your DMT in naphta, and filter the naphta, and do a recrystallization. 
I got it in crystals, it didnt look like flour at all. After I crushed it its clumpy and flour like. 
Couldn't it be the crystaline version of the acid? Because I know my friend has gotten 25-i in its crystal version. 
EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
Cant speak for frankmatthews, but all the MDMA I have ever purchased has been brown in colour.  Almost like crystalised coca-cola, never seen white MDMA. 
If that's the case, I got some delicious pure white mdma from them a while back, it was clear crystals and fantastic. Not sure about the presses though, or if it's even the same vendor. 
The vendor seems to be satirizing others who brand their crystals with lavish names. By calling it "Reptile Jizz" people will see that an xtal with a stupid name can be awesome. I think that's what THG was attempting to do anyway. 
I thought people were buying like grams of crystal off him.. I don't think any one would fe that am mount but maybe lol 
EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
Nah he extended his 'Christmas' sale because he fucked up that one batch that was underdosed/had bad quality crystal. 
What did the powder look like? I got some from Mindful Shaman and it was like a slightly off white crystal/powder. 
Uniform very light tan.  Crushed into a fine powder.  There were a couple very small crystals. 
Do you smoke pure THC crystals? Or just the flowers/dabs? Still get awesome effects? 
transparent crystal :) absolutely perfect final work 
That was my experience. I got really high but it took quite a bit, definitely no chance of a k-hole. Supposedly Saintsymbiosis on Dream has the good crystal K. 
That's why you don't smoke it. Crush that crystal up and blow down a gator! 
Aren't shards just really big crystals? 
I cant find them on grams, is that their name? crystal dream store? 
Also I've said multiple times in this thread I want rolls not xtal, from the name "crystal dream store" Im assuming he only sells xtal. 
From the look its definitely more sandy crystal like than flour. Just some really NL shit ya know. 
All up my nose already haha, was a very very fine crystal/powder. 
when i get my crystal meth in the mail i open it right near the mailbox and wave my arms around 
It depends on the purity of the batch and probably what precursor is being used, to an extent. The JoR #5 is crystal clear, most of the other batch numbers are white, grey, or a sort of creamy yellow. 
Holy shit that's one huge crystal. 
Learn how to re crystallize. It's not hard at all 
Just ask GG for a refund, he'll glandly do so, and will restock good crystal soon! 
I wonder how much MSM is being used to grow his big beautiful crystals though. 
If the crystal tested at 60%, it's not just weaker, it's also dirty. Yes, no? 
-------- salt------- 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Is mxe bath salts? Like what was in it at one point in the stores? 
Bath salts was a category ? Normally it's by chemical name, like MDPV for example. 
Yes. Do some research man, bath salts don't make you want to eat peoples faces, its just a stimulant 
I took about 6g's of Maeng Da the other day before work and jesus h I thought I took amphetamine salts. I was wired for 6 hours. 
Awe, someones salty. How cute. 
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/a-brush-with-brain-eating-amoebas-and-saltwater-nose-genies/ 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Is mxe bath salts? Like what was in it at one point in the stores? 
Why do you list dexamphetamine and lisdexamphetamine as their own, compared to ampthetamine salts? From my understanding, amphetamine salts is a blend of dex and lisdex amph. 
I have added a little salt and a bit of disinfection spray thats meant for open wound cleaning. I think its enough to kill most bacteria in tapwater. 
Bath salts was a category ? Normally it's by chemical name, like MDPV for example. 
Word, I've read that LSD and psychs in general stimulate that 'new' or 'profound' sensation in our brains so I take my acid realizations with a grain of salt. 
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/a-brush-with-brain-eating-amoebas-and-saltwater-nose-genies/ 
Not crazy, but you were really high on drugs. Take all these revelations with a grain of salt. 
And a salt shaker of cocaine. 
No we don't, you should read up on acid/base chemistry before making a statement like this. There's a difference between straight up hydrochloric acid and a hydrochloride salt. 
All Psych fans will downplay the risk of HPPD because it's like the only scourge in that class of drugs aside from severe panic attacks. Take everything they say with a grain of salt. 
you don't chew someone's face off on "bathsalts" either, that guy in miami ended up only having thc in his system. 
Certainly am. I've had about maybe a good 20 or so packs from salt n pepper land without a hitch. 
Look, theres only two kinds of heroin as far as the number system goes, theres freebase 3 and theres hydrochloride salt 4, it has nothing to do with quality. Go fuck yourselves. 
What vendor worth his salt would ask "Whats a PGP". 
never had a bad experience with them. people say all kinds of shit here about ab, i take it all with a grain of salt. i don't keep my coin in the market either though 
Sold bath salts as meth :-( 
Just get a salted mescaline. The cactus has other alkaloids too but most aren't that great and bring you down or make you sluggish. 
somebody's salty today 
Yep. This sucks. Kratom was recently banned in the UK under the new psychoactive drugs act. Kratom was bundled in with things like synthetic weed and bath salts. Coffee got an exemption tho. 
thanks dude, sorry for being salty 
Ganeshuk has a new batch in, no saltiness, it's not super strength but couldn't be called weak. Insane value for money, only downside is with him/her/them getting so many orders it takes a couple of days to ship sometimes 
There are good sources for pure racemic amphetamine salts if you look hard enough.. 
/u/Vendor_BBMC /u/Listentwome_ - you both seem to be knowledgeable on opiods from your earlier comment. From what I understand #4 or China white (not fentanyl) is in salt form and thus decomposes at high temperature. 
His ket is salt. 
Why is everyone here so fucking salty that I have close friends that I'm willing to trust my money with? Are you just a fucking NEET that never engages in social interaction? Calm the fuck down I've know these people for most of my god damned life 
Probably will bite the bullet eventually. I like how it's actually a salt and a half gram dosing isn't too bad. 
I mean I don't want everyone to know about it either , but people will be dumb. Shouldn't get salty about it bro. Maybe educate them would be a good approach, or shake it off . 
Speed is just straight d-isomer IIRC while adderall is a combination of different amphetamine salts. 
Damn 3 pm and people already salty. 
Sounds like crushed mdma. What does it smell like? Drop some in water, does it dissolve up but some of it pool to the bottom of the glass looking like salt? That sounds sketch as a motherfucker lol 
One is regular amphetamine the other is methamphetamine. The paste needs to be dried before use. Adderal is a mixture of amphetamine salts, cant remember the exact ratio off the top of my head. 
Any vendor worth their salt would have a drop connected to a fake identity 
What else would I lace my dildos with? Fuck lube. 25n bomb lube is one of my favorite next to bath salts 
...if you want to have an awful come up. The HCl salt burns quite horribly when snorted. The HBr, not so much. 
-------- shaman------- 
I would say the path with entheogens its more of a quest.  A way into the mysteries of the mind shouldn't be too profound, i mean its not like your a all knowing shaman. 
Glad it went well. I'm curious how legit this "shaman" seemed? There's a Daime chapter in my town but I've heard very mixed reviews. 
If they were people lsd would be like a mad scientist. Shrooms is like a shaman. 
if you think you're a drug induced all knowing shaman 
You need professional help. Professional shaman that is. If you are not able to enjoy the ride, you need a guide. 
your name is kind of reminding me of my number one thing i can't adapt to in the drug (especially the psychedelic) world.  THe reasons shouldn't be about the "im a zen all knowing shaman" its an abuser that could just be using bc its cool 
...for real...I'd be happy to even chew each button up for you...I need to go visit my native shaman apparently xD 
What does the shamanic ritual entail? What purpose does it serve? 
The perspective of Amazonian shamans is that ayahuasca experiences are real and profound, and that the beings are intelligent and should be listened to.... 
In what setting have you used Ayahuasca? Alone? With a shaman? With a regular trip sitter? If you've experienced various settings, how do they differ and what do you recommend? 
Uhh what's this about "shaman earth resonance"? 
I FE'd for some from mindful shaman right before abraxas went down and never received it 
It doesn't need to be anti-DNMs, hopefully it can just remain anti-fent, anti-opiates, etc. Motherfuckers better not be busting shamans. 
-------- hikori------- 
-------- cactus------- 
Peyote yes the cactus, or the active chemical mescaline 
[ Idk, random cactuses might have potential... ] (http://i.imgur.com/zGqV75B.gif) 
Peyote is a cactus that contains mescaline. 
Look up san pedro or peruvian torch cactus to find mescaline legaly. 
All good! I'm a frequenter on /r/druggardening and we get a LOT of people asking for help stealing cactuses. Just wanted to be sure. 
Peyote yes the cactus, or the active chemical mescaline 
[ Idk, random cactuses might have potential... ] (http://i.imgur.com/zGqV75B.gif) 
All good! I'm a frequenter on /r/druggardening and we get a LOT of people asking for help stealing cactuses. Just wanted to be sure. 
Specifically San Pedro or Peyote cactus. Don't just go to the garden centre and start munching random succulents. 
Look up san pedro or peruvian torch cactus to find mescaline legaly. 
hahahah people trippin over a teenager stealing a cactus like they havent done stupid shit themselves when younger. Circlejerkin is strong with this one 
I have no problem with stealing the cactus if it didn't really belong to anyone (if it did that's a little screwed up) 
FYI Theres mescaline in the cactus core too 
Have you tried San Pedro cactus? Does it have similar effects to peyote? 
Fennec has tried it. It's good, though fennec can not compare it to taking it in cactus form as they have not taken it that way. 
Just get a salted mescaline. The cactus has other alkaloids too but most aren't that great and bring you down or make you sluggish. 
We'll call it...an inside job...you better not send me a box of tin foil hats that are filled with glitter inside of them!  If you're lucky, I'll come eat some cactus with you! ;} 
Yes. But it probably means it was synthesized in a lab rather than a cactus. 
Wrap them in tin foil, roll that tin foil in maple syrup, then roll that in shattered glass, then violently shove it up your ass with a cactus as the pushing device. 
For God's sake can we stop using that fucking image hosting website?! It's like a fucking cactus up the ass with Mal ware for mobile users. 
-------- amoeba------- 
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/a-brush-with-brain-eating-amoebas-and-saltwater-nose-genies/ 
All ya'll water snorters out there : http://www.livescience.com/17507-brain-eating-amoeba-fatalities-linked-common-cold-remedy.html 
TL;DR boil the water before snorting it. Obviously wait for it to cool, but brain eating amoebas are no fun. 
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/a-brush-with-brain-eating-amoebas-and-saltwater-nose-genies/ 
-------- elephant------- 
Don't think of an elephant. Oh shit. 
Don't think of an elephant. Oh shit. 
HAHAHAHAHAHA Straight up man ! Every time I don't dab for a little while or smoke enough THC to put an elephant in a coma I always feel like I've pissed my self I hate it so much ! 
I seen a housefly... I seen a dragonfly... Hell, I even seen a shoe fly... But I been done seen, 'bout everythiiiiing... When I seen an elephant fly! :P 
You can buy enough 3-MeO-PCP to kill an elephant 
Bassnectar videos are usually pretty trippy. For music I like alt j and some cage the elephant songs. I like to watch the music visualizer on xbox or playstation and just watch that while tripping, shits crazy 
What song where you listening to? Which cage the elephant album? They used to be NY favorite band! 
Do you know if there's cross tolerance with alcohol? I usually have the alcohol tolerance of a small elephant. 
how were the elephants? just got some recently 
it was my brothers club in livermore that got raided , also Imedz in san jose, Purple elephant co op in oakland too.. the guy now owns cookies215 
But but but... elephants never forget?  My childhood dreams are now shattered. 
I've not had the flower fish but the elephants and hanumen seemed to be dosed roughly as advertised. 
Its not a weapon its elephant sedative that will probably be sold as heroin or oxy and result in a bunch of overdoses 
https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkNetMarkets/comments/3g4jr9/markovich_125ug_elephant_lsd_tested_at_708ug/?ref=search_posts 
They use this to tranq elephants at like 40mg and the antidote to wake them up. Heard it's making it's way to PA too. Narcan might not even work depending on the amount. 
PS your prize is an elephant paw print of lsd. Please note actual elephants were harmed in making this prize 
Anyway there are plenty of cons in using light bulbs... And to be honest I prefer snorting like an elephant :-) 
The treatment of women on the internet is an additional elephant in the room.  When bullied, or perceived to be bullied, I wonder what a better defense mode might look like.  Ideas? 
900lbs is small for an elephant 
900 pound pink elephant? That's the name I gave my cock. 
You def only want to put it in a sub elephant. Try that shit with a dom elephant and you'll be waffle stomped 
That was my attempt to keep the elephant for myself.  You can have sloppy seconds. And forths. 
Speak for yourself, I'd fuck that elephant 
I think that 900lb is a lot less than an elephant should weigh 
It's simple, don't put your dick in any 900 lb pink elephants. 
&gt; 900 pound **pink** elephant 
Now that's the 900 pound elephant in the room. 
-------- gorilla biscuits------- 
-------- horse tranquilizers------- 
-------- mint leaf------- 
-------- zombie------- 
that's a good approach! good it worked out for you. hilarious your dad referred to it as "chinese zombie coke" after using google 
That's exactly when Lemmy lived in the US. From 1990-2015. But I guess if you don't look like a stereotypical meth zombie you can't do meth 
I LOVE ambien! It just leaves me feeling like a zombie for like, 3 days  after use :/ 
I feel like we could be friends. I have a similar story except replace Datura with DPH. I also zombie walked about 25 miles around my town. 
I'm the opposite, Kpins make me feel super empty and zombie like. Xanax, I love though. 
that's a good approach! good it worked out for you. hilarious your dad referred to it as "chinese zombie coke" after using google 
hehe yeah, I've had a lot of weird surreal dreams where like, I'm watching third person, or fighting zombies nightmare creatures style. I love the variety 
Do not take them. Not worth the high, your effort to get clean is much more valuable than some zombie like high. Be proud of yourself and flush them. I know that i am proud of you, opiate addiction is unbelievable hard to get rid of. :) 
Pop the Xanny I'm stressin (WOOP) Pop the Molly I'm flexin. But seriously, you have a good idea. Don't get on Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, they'll zombie you out after a couple weeks and they're basically suicide pills long term. 
Make zombie juice with shrooms. Basically grind up like a gram or two, put it in a shot glass and fill the rest with lemon juice. Let it soak for about an hour and then shoot it. Very consistent trip and hits you like a train 
Oxys for pain, Xanax for the oncoming PTSD, Meth for those 48 hour zombie hunts, and all the dmt, mescaline, and lsd i could get to heal my soul when I finally find somewhere safe. 
But that's nothing compared to drugging children into mindless law-abiding zombies. Theyre treating human lives like cattle. It's deliberate mutation of children for their financial benefit. 
I was worried one of them was going to OD they looked like zombies it was really sad to see them in that state. 
I got my 2nd today as well. I hope he gets back soon. Solid vendor and I think the bars may be more like 5mg. I try to give people solid advice but they fuck up with them being so strong. I was a zombie for a couple of days a couple weeks ago. 
Still feel like a zombie after a 13hr sleep thanks to 2mg Etizolam 
Yes, you're happy for a few hours, but the day after you're a zombie. 
What? Good molly should have little to no effect the next day. I've only been zombied out from shitty street molly 
Yea i got a whole bottle of trazodone from someone for nothing. Really uncomortabe boner and feeling like a zombie the whole next day. 
IIRC, it was about turning the entire US into walking zombies.  It was really hilarious. 
It is funny watching people cry after you click the button to send the command out to the zombie network to attack. 
Alprazolam stops rem sleep? I'm on about 5-10mg/d explains why I sleep like a zombie 
