 
---------dust------------ 
De_dust2 man fucking dust2, fuck hostages, plant that fucking bomb 
0.05g. That's a joke right? That's basically dust. 
What industry at least. 
Around the youth smoking weed is about as common as drinking alcohol, at least in the campus Im at. This is mostly due to the hip hop/rap industry 
lol right? I'll bring that up once the dust settles a bit 
---------coca-cola------------ 
Not necessarily broscience, but something I was told back in middle school, and I've been silently lol-ing ever since:

If you mix coca-cola with baking soda, you get crack cocaine! 
It is, Coca-Cola uses "decocained" Coca leaves. Similar to decaf coffee 
---------coke------------ 
Weed 7/10
Shrooms 9/10
Mdma 9/10
Codeine 3/10
Coke 4/10
Amphetamine 5/10
2CB 8/10
Lyrica 2/10
Ritalin 4/10

Ratings are based on the first experience with the drug, but  most of them would be rated the same overall too 
Did you continue using coke after you took the MDMA? 
Light-moderate; if you insufflate the pure powder, it's actually pretty respectable... nowhere near the same league as meth or coke, but as I said, decent. Also, pretty much the cheapest drug out there in pure form. 
Pretty ironic how if you keep doing coke it'll only make it worse tho huh 
Been coked out and drinking beers since last night. I'm going like 14 hours strong right now. 
---------flour------------ 
Not necessarily, 4-Bromoamphetamine has neurotoxic metabolites, while 4-Flouroamphetamine isn't, and is often used as a MDMA replacement to circumvent neurotoxicity 
I'm sorry, are you on Flourazine? 
Yeah okay hey I'll sell you some blue color dyed flour for $120 a g I promise it's 110%pure coke I put it thru a real special process you can read all about it [here](www.bigblackdicks.com) 
What the hell is the difference?

Apigenin and Terpenes flourish in Chamomile, and Apigenin is psychoactive as a sedative. 
---------fish scale------------ 
been doing coke here and there from the street for a few years now, and it was always "meh" for me also. But i just recently got a gram of uncut fish scale from peru, and holy shit, it will change your entire view of the drug. 
---------candy------------ 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Thank you! I've been reading these comments and I keep feeling like I'm missing something. Sure, the brother should've hidden his drugs better, but it's not like he left it out in candy jar. 
Its like candy flipping except you're not like deadzo, and there's much more powerful visuals 
Well shit! I'd say go crazy and mix 4-FA, 6-APB, 2C-B, and LSD. Crazy pseudo-candy-flip-roll-thing. 
Since you're alone I would just roll. Candy flips can get so intense you could need to sit, and if you're stuck outside the crowd with no friends it's pretty lonely feeling. 
---------adam------------ 
I'm doing vladamir Kush in art, surrealism is great when your high. I recommend just looking at Dali's stuff aswell 
I'm with you on this one, good sir/madame. 
Fuckin gadam right 
take off your shoes madam 
Uh, excuse me sir or madam - that comment reeks of Marijuana. I think I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the thread, please. 

Keep those typing fingers where I can see them. 
---------love drug------------ 
I love drugs and don't agree with dare but at least in my case they were right about this one. 

Smoked weed and immediately wanted to do LSD and shrooms lol 
1. Psychedelics

2. Weed

3. Stims

4. 3-MeO-PCP

5. Etizolam


Source: Workout 6 days a week and I love drugs 
My thoughts exactly. I love drugs. I love how drugs make me feel good and how the people you're with when you're on something become the best-est of your friends. 
No worries man, live an learn! I hope you have a great trip man. How's it going?   
  
Ps, I'm glad you saw the bright side of this. I love drugs ;) 
---------skittle------------ 
The biggest thing is that I've been craving candy mainly skittles. And yesterday I stopped myself when I was looking for shards in my carpet. And I've been having issues spelling words I've known my whole life lol 
---------china white------------ 
Look up China white* 
that was one single time in amsterdam. 
Police supsected that somebody stole china white heroin and thought it was coke. 
It was also sold to tourists only. 
---------kit kat------------ 
I prefer to eat my kit kat like the monster I am, without breaking the fingers and taking a full bite 
---------cat food------------ 
How many do you have? 


I have a friend with a trash bin full of Weed and he has an ice cream scoop for when he sells out of it, one for ice cream, one he uses for cat food, and one he has just because they were on sale when he bought the third :P 
Well usually when I lost my ambien, it meant that I took one and stayed awake then ate the rest then tried to make burritos with cat food. 
---------green k------------ 
Your sister's smokin dope. Not the green kind either. 
---------acid------------ 
I probably should have taken this advice when it came to trying acid. Acid was my first major drug experience! 
damn I hope so. isn't most of the acid in the US made by a handful of people? Maybe theres a new family out there making it. 
Not sure on sub rules but the news post says "police still trying to determine situation" but a mate in the area said acid was found in him 
actually if you drink slightly acidic stuff - OJ, tomato juice ect. It will leave the body faster. y that manner, if you consume slightly basic foods/ drinks (alkaseltzer for example) your body will recycle it and keep it in your system longer. 
I used to smoke everyday, but then I did to much acid and now I trip when I smoke 
---------alice------------ 
Go ask alice is fucked. It was just a scare tactic. 
I figured,  just never heard it used. We refer to it at Lucy but Alice makes sense! 
the 1950's animated Alice in wonderland. 
Alice?  o_o not heard that one before 
Dopesmoker by Sleep is a journey when tripping. Anything by Hendrix, smashing pumpkins, the doors, rhcp, pink floyd, Alice in chains, black sabbath 
---------haze------------ 
I always get fog, not fog like as in silent hill mist like on deliriants but on psychedelics i get it as well as dissociatives. Idk what it is that does this but its a strange effect called "visual haze" 
I usually get psychoactive effects of amnesia/amnesia haze. Can relate to the visuals youre describing. 
no but u can dish it in the streets as super og lemon haze silver purp kush wax extra dank butter to make edibles with yea buy it man 200 a gram 
I did it for the first time today, and I have a SUPER low tolerance..................I smoked about 2g of amazing lemon haze..... 
Mmmm dark chocolate is heaven my friend, there were dark chocolate Lindor's in the box, it was the gold pack with hazelnut white chocolate original and dark, I love chocolate on MD omfg! 
---------crackers------------ 
i love to use choco graham crackers and a nutella/butter blend(more fat content). the nutella almost caramelizes on the edges and it tastes awesome 
I like to eat italian food smothered on crackers. Get some good crackers and a peice of lasagna or a big bowl of spaghetti and meatballs (with extra parm) and then smother each bite on a cracker. Oh man. 
Phenibut is dope i'm on some right now and it's pretty dope honestly i'm pretty happy heh and I miss those goldfish crackers the rainbow ones. 
Do you guys think making nutella firecrackers on a toasted sandwhich press would work? Mix the bud with peanutbutter, butter some crackers or even bread and press it... Can't use my oven for fear of smell. 
Totally normal. One time I ate three firecrackers cause I thought I was hard. Got high as shit and became very irrationally scared. Edibles can fuck you up.

The worst part is that it lasts so long. I swear I was high for like 8 hours... 
---------grasshopper------------ 
Only you can answer  that grasshopper. 
---------cookie------------ 
...You gonna leave a big ass chocolate chip cookie sitting in your mouth man? You eat the damn cookie lmao. I'm not trying to be mean, but it sounds like you need start doing more research before you get into harder drugs. 
Tracking cookies are the only type of cookies in hell.

I use per session history and an ad blocker to avoid this type of stuff. 
so if he drops it on a cookie would i eat the cookie? or just leave it in my mouth? 
Milk and cookies always turn me on. ;) 
Idk about the women you know but the ones I know only go to the kitchen to get a cookie/snack cake to take their Amphetamine with :P 
---------ganja------------ 
Smoke a little ganja and you'll be Bueno! 
I'm aware you can't use ganja but man, just one measly hit and my nausea is gone. 2 more hits and I'm able to eat and keep food down. A nice little body high is a sweet bonus. Like within 10 minutes I feel 80%better. But to each their own 
i injected ganjajuannabis into my urethra and instantly camed, that shit was tight bro u should try it some time 
I liked it when it first started, but then I made the horrific mistake of smoking a couple hits of some strong ganja. I don't like it any more. Haha 
It's never going to work, I think a bunch of constabularies will turn a blind eye to it like they turn a blind eye to ganja now 
---------grass------------ 
Yeah that gave me a chuckle. As if she needs to be weaned off something that has a half life of an hour or two that she's receiving on a monthly basis. If OPs mom said she wanted to "wean him off the wacky grass" he'd be livid. 
&gt; Last thing we need is tripping naked people laying in the grass.

I truly don't see the problem here. 

/s 
No. Benadryl is the worst drug. You may as well just go out side and roll in some freshly cut grass. 
Cannabis? Isn't that "weed"? Or are you referring to Jimson Weed? Devil Grass? Devil's Trumpet? Angels Trumpet? 
Just remember,''beer and grass your on your arse, grass and beer your in the  clear'' 
---------hash------------ 
non native speaker here, i think i completely understand what you mean :^( 1. how do you smoke hash oil? 2. so you just scoop the leftovers? it is the same as eating everything you just heated? 
My parents gave me my first drugs (shrooms, back when they were legal). Didn't care about my hash smoking either, though didn’t supply that.

Didn't wind up addicted to anything or a major user of anything. A lesson in how prohibition is bullshit. 
Get some good adderall, you'll clean your house spotless and have alot of fun doing it. Or if downers are more your thing, try hash- some of the good shit is waaaay stronger than weed. 
This just reminds me of trailer park boys since I haven't smoked hash 
It's just vague, subjective feelings rehashed over and over with little consistency and no reliability. It gets old. But if it helps them personally, then cool. I can't shit on that. I'll just be a happy atheist/naturalist in the background haha. 
---------herb------------ 
Philip K Dick, William S Burroughs, Jack Kerouac, Frank Herbert, Andrzej Sapkowski, Charles Bukowski, Hunter S Thompson, etc... I like beat generation stuff and sci fi/fantasy a lot. 
As someone who gets heart palpitations from coffee and would probably get it worse from things like Kava and Yerba Mate, what would be some herbs I should try? 
Congrats? You live a normal life and do shit everyone else does AND smoke the devils herb?! Damn son. 
That the harms of prohibition and untruthful propaganda are reported as the harms of the herb. That's 100% spin. 
It's illegal so it's like ordering any other illegal drug.

Small amounts are unlikely to lead to anything but there is a risk.

Also be aware that while it is a herb, it's also a drug and you should treat it like any other mild opioid. 
---------weed------------ 
hahaha serious?

If you get pulled over with weed in your car, you are pretty much fucked anyway, no "hiding" is needed. 

Put in your glove compartment, thats where I put my shit when I go to my dealers house. 
Why is she snorting xanax in the first place? Sounds like a lot of people I know when they first got into drugs other than weed. She's probably going to end up finding out the hard way, but if you'd like to waste your energy talk to her family. 
Some LSD and weed 
So I've heard that weed + MDMA can kill the roll, would it also kill the rolling part of candy flipping or does it make it more intense altogether like weed + LSD does? 
Doesn't matter if I'm in the US or somewhere in Europe, I NEED the weed in order to actually feel normal while I'm on methadone. 
---------pot------------ 
Oh but that's the best part of hiding.  Finding some neat, new, hidden spot that *NO ONE*, I mean not a single other member of that house, knows about. 
Wow, glad things never got that bad for me. It's amazing how wonderful acid can be while also having the potential to be the worst experience ever. 
No, my hypothesis is that once you've experienced a trip, just like any other strong memory, you can feel like you're re-experiencing the trip. It has nothing to do with the chemicals being in your system anymore. 
They are everywhere in Denmark, but they are pretty easy to spot, toned windows, same stationcar type, sometimes Vans. 
Yes 1000 seeds was closer to the dose for me. You have to order the seeds special you can't use the ones at home depot (they treat them so you can't get high). 
---------chalk------------ 
Wtf! Enough weed makes my tongue drier than a stick of chalk 
I'll give it a shot man. Anything that might help me sleep is Great lol it doesn't help that this is the first time I've rolled without smoking weed on the comedown.... Oh well. I'll just chalk this up as a lesson learned! 
I fucking hate those chalky ass pills. They make me puke just looking at them or even taking 1 or 2. I have to use the capsules. 
I've already taken that into account and refrained, still had temperature fluctuations. At this point I chalk it up to, "weird shit that happens because drugs" 
My prescriptions are chalky though? 
---------crystal------------ 
Why don't you recrystalize the mdma and I don't think 5 htp crystallizes so you could sift it out. Or look up solubility of 5 htp and mdma and separate then re-x 
You know they prescribe oral meth for ADHD right? (Desoxyn) Not that thats exactly related to swallowing a "raw" crystal but thought you'd want to know. 
Eh depends on where you live really just like all slang. I view ice as just being crystal meth although I do love the name "Tina" haha. 
Crystal Castles 
Pure crystalline is nice, i prefer railing it. But I do have to say some of my best rolls were from bombs, maybe it was the adulterants haha 
---------salt------------ 
Not crazy, but you were really high on drugs. Take all these revelations with a grain of salt. 
And a salt shaker of cocaine. 
&gt;We literally consume HCl every time we take 2cb MDMA ect

No we don't, you should read up on acid/base chemistry before making a statement like this. There's a difference between straight up hydrochloric acid and a hydrochloride salt. 
All Psych fans will downplay the risk of HPPD because it's like the only scourge in that class of drugs aside from severe panic attacks. Take everything they say with a grain of salt. 
you don't chew someone's face off on "bathsalts" either, that guy in miami ended up only having thc in his system. 
---------shaman------------ 
your name is kind of reminding me of my number one thing i can't adapt to in the drug (especially the psychedelic) world.  THe reasons shouldn't be about the "im a zen all knowing shaman" its an abuser that could just be using bc its cool 
...for real...I'd be happy to even chew each button up for you...I need to go visit my native shaman apparently xD 
What does the shamanic ritual entail? What purpose does it serve? 
The perspective of Amazonian shamans is that ayahuasca experiences are real and profound, and that the beings are intelligent and should be listened to.... 
In what setting have you used Ayahuasca? Alone? With a shaman? With a regular trip sitter? If you've experienced various settings, how do they differ and what do you recommend? 
---------cactus------------ 
hahahah people trippin over a teenager stealing a cactus like they havent done stupid shit themselves when younger. Circlejerkin is strong with this one 
I have no problem with stealing the cactus if it didn't really belong to anyone (if it did that's a little screwed up)

But don't trip with your parents in the next room. Just not worth it. Wait for a better night. 
FYI Theres mescaline in the cactus core too 
Have you tried San Pedro cactus? Does it have similar effects to peyote? 
Cactus flip 
---------elephant------------ 
I seen a housefly... I seen a dragonfly... Hell, I even seen a shoe fly... But I been done seen, 'bout everythiiiiing... When I seen an elephant fly! :P 
You can buy enough 3-MeO-PCP to kill an elephant 
Bassnectar videos are usually pretty trippy. For music I like alt j and some cage the elephant songs. I like to watch the music visualizer on xbox or playstation and just watch that while tripping, shits crazy 
What song where you listening to? Which cage the elephant album? They used to be NY favorite band! 
Thanks for the detailed response, I appreciate it.

Do you know if there's cross tolerance with alcohol? I usually have the alcohol tolerance of a small elephant. 
---------zombie------------ 
Oxys for pain, Xanax for the oncoming PTSD, Meth for those 48 hour zombie hunts, and all the dmt, mescaline, and lsd i could get to heal my soul when I finally find somewhere safe. 
Seems like something Flatbush Zombies would make haha 
Hey why not try some Abilify on top! You'll only get happier! Right?! You can't be too happy right?! Zombies are so happy! 
But that's nothing compared to drugging children into mindless law-abiding zombies. Theyre treating human lives like cattle. It's deliberate mutation of children for their financial benefit. 
I was worried one of them was going to OD they looked like zombies it was really sad to see them in that state. 
