 
---------baby powder------------ 
hate that. baby powder helps. thanks btw junior. dick all chafed now. rolled too well. forgot to put effort into women bc i didnt even fucking care atm. 
---------dust------------ 
You seem to be mixing up "mail" with "product packaging" ....  If anything shipping in a clear mailer / zip / translucent would look sketchy and out of place.  

EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
In boogie nights mark wahlberg used a prosthetic. Bc he was only 5 inches which ironically he was making a movie about the industry automod is talking about in the misconception of dick length 
Im guessing there are a lot of assets throughout their banking industry at least. 
You are 100% correct... dreaming and seeing things in your mind is directly from the pineal gland. Now you understand why the U.S. Government hates Cannabis with a passion, notably in the Nazi medical industry. 
Sadly this is true. As a member of the Tech Industry, I see tech companies are more worried about making money then making a difference in technological advances. Its sad to see big tech bending over backwards. 
---------coca-cola------------ 
Cant speak for frankmatthews, but all the MDMA I have ever purchased has been brown in colour.  Almost like crystalised coca-cola, never seen white MDMA. 
---------coke------------ 
Yeah, I agree.  I was asking a leading question, counselor.  lol.  I knew why, but I was curious why justdidcoke felt the feds could easily do it themselves w/o apple's help. 
I was looking at Marios coke too, his MDMA was straight but still have to try the crack and coke. 
DNMs have the dankest Levamisole, but the markets keep misfiling it under coke. Check it out. 
haha been there n done that.. fact of the matter is though, i like all drugs and get along with all of them...except coke.

=,( 
If you're not getting euphoria off coke, how about trying crack? I find I get much more euphoria off crack, but its extremely moreish, much more than cocaine is. 
---------flour------------ 
Yeah its a fuckin travesty, the flouride is making us all so dumb to! Going exactly as planned. 
idk man i study organic chemistry(only a sophomore) and that flourine shit is terrifying. Don't get me wrong, i still dable in 4-fa occasionally. 
You're right. I got it confused with flouromethylphenidate. 
---------fish scale------------ 
This was definably no fish scale. With fish scale they vaporize dope across the top of it. Thats pure raw man! 
Why do you have to keep mentioning how shitty dealers are and how they all cut? I've had a plug for fish scale for the past 5 years. In my area it goes for 160/G 
I'm sure you can find it but it's kinda like "fish scale" cocaine. Doesn't really exist anymore unless you know the person manufacturing it 
---------candy------------ 
Bad setting. Seeing something at a certain point just ruined everything. Don't think that just because you're candyflipping you can't be sad. 
giving out 100% like candy


have some standards man.   nothing is ever 100% perfect 
Don't you feel sobered up and just with a mellow feeling of "everything's nice"? Maybe my candyflip is different to everybody's for some reason... 
No,No. They were Angels from the seventh dimension. I saw it in a candy flipped induced vision in early 2015. 
candyflipping and then bumping mxe on the comedown 
---------adam------------ 
Synthetic Stupor

ADAMs Antidotes 

The Cannabis Corner 
Here is the updated version of the article by Mike Adams, at his website, NaturalNews.com, with an updated, less inflammatory title as well:

http://www.naturalnews.com/053369_CBD_hemp_oil_extract_FDA_regulations.html 
Adam West VS Christopher Reeves.

=) 
regardless the dude has mentioned multiple times he doesnt want to be associated with this website, not sure why he would suddenly change his mind since he was always so adamant about it before. 
Posting my review now at /r/My_Dear_Madame 
---------kleenex------------ 
I almost grabbed some Kleenexs to wipe the tear from my eye. 
I almost grabbed some Kleenex to wipe the ~~cum from my asshole~~ tear, duh. 
---------love drug------------ 
Been doing all sorted types of drugs since the 80's....Yes, i've gotten too damn far out there.....but there has been time I've been clean for over 2 years....TBH, i fucking love drugs!!!  Enjoy...Know YOUR limit... Enjoy....Be SAFE :-) 
I'll definitely watch that once I get off work. I love drug documentaries. 
---------apache------------ 
Linux  
Apache  
MySQL  
PHP  

for the laymen. 
I wouldn't be sending anything unencrypted fia m2t anyhow. first I've heard about apache. 
---------china white------------ 
Is it China White, brown or black tar????? 
9/10 dope is pure, uncut SEA china white or *very* good Mexican or Colombian, 80-90% pure. No way in hell is anyone vending that for $115/g. The going rate for 9/10 dope on the DNMs is probably $200-250/g. 
Never mind I just checked him out. I can get the same stuff cheaper IRL. Except the mexican "china white". Have you tried it? How's the quality? 
If you're selling this be honest and say its a fentanyl product aka china white. Don't sell it as Heroin. 
---------brown sugar------------ 
I've only ever had his brown sugar and ivory, and I think of the two, his ivory gave me a better roll. 
---------cat food------------ 
sounds fine but fuck the vitamin bottle, crush it, vac seal, seal in mylar / old washed cat food pouch / etc and send it as a large letter. throw some card in there too 
---------green k------------ 
Oh wow I didn't realize. I use to get dozens of the skoal lemon/green kind from my buddy all the time when I was younger. 
---------acid------------ 
Will do! Yeah he is my new goto L vendor for sure. I love his acid. 
http://www.walmart.com/ip/Equate-Famotidine-Acid-Reducer-Tablets-20mg-50ct/20551431

$2 for 50 count 
Oh its awesome! Clean, fun, no body load, not debilitating, great visuals and CEVs. Universal for acid but KS's was just the most accurately dosed. 
In addition meth mouth is caused by both chronic dehydration and natural acidification of mouth and enamel, as well as its vasoconstrictior properties inhibiting blood flow to the gums 
Yeah, but all my trips are at home with my wife. Pretty much the same set and setting every time. Either way, I really love acid...and 2c-b. 
---------alice------------ 
Having the mindset of a free person is completely different from that of a jailed inmate.Comparing winter nights to JAIL is only a reflection of your sheltered Alice in wonderland existence! 
has anyone tested tguk alice in wonderland 115 ug(or some kind of similair fairy shit) blotters and super mario 150 ug? 
Alice in the wonderland is great 
ALICE IS NOT A WOMAN.  

His name isn't even Alice.   God you disgust me. 
i try to play a few $$$$ every week....one day Alice...Straight to Belize...And not because of LE...bahahahaha!!!! 
---------haze------------ 
I got some super lemon haze a while ago and it was average. Never used them again. Modern love 4 lyfe. 
Super Silver Haze is such a nice strain. Definitely one of my favorites thought I find Super Lemon Haze to be slight more appealing.

Nice review. 
---------crackers------------ 
Edibles are gonn be the best for you and your friends , make firecrackers 
---------grasshopper------------ 
Patience, grasshopper. 
You have much to learn grasshopper....OPSEC is short for operational security. 
---------cookie------------ 
Read, read, read, read, read!

If you're a regular of a vendor who lays L maybe ask them?

I think /u/pelican_vendor buys his sheets from Reximus but he seems like a smart cookie! 

Yo bird help him lay acid pls! 
Humboldtfarms red velvet cookies had ya boy pretty Stoney 
it sure looks like the picture he has on his listings for girl scout cookies 
norcal Growers got the game on lock gorilla glue. gelato , cookies . sunset sherbert

La got boof 
Here's a cookie 
---------ganja------------ 
I mean I am getting into the LSD game (my second reupp is coming)

Figure i can do a gram of mdma and 5 tabs for $100 with shipping. Maybe throw in some 2cb or ket down the road. Surprise Ganja every now and again and some 4-aco-dmt in liquid. 
You pretty much just handed some dude in customs a lot of ganja. Or, they did an actual seizure and instead of raiding you they're letting it go and this is your warning. 
Hopefully it is, but even if not then you're just out the ganja and you made some assholes day. Fuck that guy for stealing your shit if that's what he did though. 
This guy went to jail for molly and ganja? Apparently europe isnt so bad after all, if you can handle all the dipshit immigrants that is. 
You can keep up here if interested. 

http://www.myplanetganja.com/viewtopic.php?f=13&amp;t=11022&amp;start=1695 
---------grass------------ 
Only to be thwarted by a grassroots Faye Dunaway campaign, no more wire hangers! 
blue dolphins back in the day deff had to have some sorta amp in them, n ya presses or even MDMA these days even at shows were i take mine always end up floored in the back sitting somewhere usually in the grass jus chilling, 
Just dont tell Alpo where your stash is,fuckin grass! 
The strain looks real good, but smells grassy/hay  &amp; taste the same, I msgd MMM &amp; told him about it, &amp; he has ignored me ever since. 
George Carlin: When Grass Swept The Neighborhood

Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sky4BAoWBqY 
---------hash------------ 
These are fucking worthless if it's just hash/kief pressed into a bar without being decarboxylated. Dumbest shit I've ever seen apart from a girl in high school eating an eighth of flower and acting like she was hallucinating. 
Desperately trying to buy some hash but getting nowhere :'( 
Hashed just makes it more challenging. 
I just waited an hour and a half in the cold on the sketchyest street in town for some low quality hash... Why do I bother with local merchants. 
&gt; might as well make some butane soup

Also agree. bubbahash the best. 
---------herb------------ 
god damn that's some nice flowers! What could he have improved stealth wise? Thinking about using him in the future but stealth is a big factor for me! Especially when it comes to the herb. 
Always smoking herb. Going to order some bars and Lucy when I get my tax return lol. It'll be a good time 
lucy woulda made me go bonkers good thing it was just a stick of  herb  
good movie good cig. 
 but  too much hinting at upcoming DC movies 
you should def seek out ElHerbolario, he was my  go-to guy some time ago, also he ships from spain which is nonflag. he only has his personal shop so its FE tho 
they done been broken.....but its Otay.....will post that story later today :-) 

https://motherboard.vice.com/read/apple-should-replace-imessage-encryption-researchers-warn 
---------weed------------ 
those fentanyl bars are killing the game. i went from pushing 1000 a week to basically none. ive gone back to moving pounds of weed because i cant get bars gone anymore which is insane 
Tums might actually do the trick, can't believe I didn't think of that. I smoke way too much weed 
You were only fucking with weed and kratom and got your house searched?! Where are you from Syria? 
You're meme is dank like weed sir. 
Damn homer tried smuggling in weed again 
---------pot------------ 
Pot calling the kettle black, oh the irony. 
This. When you're risking you're OWN opsec to provide people with a warning &amp; potentially saving a lot of people from getting investigated because of said incident..well, that sounds like a straight up dude to me. 
Anyone that has drugs mailed to someone's house without their knowledge is a fucking scum bag peice of shit that deserves to get their teeth kicked in and their head curb stomped.

Hypothetically, of course. 
Word.  I could have searched that now that I think about it.  But I just recently came across them again and put them with the rest of the stuff that needs stashed away in my 'spot'.  Figured I'd ask in a relevant thread. 
Thanks for answering all my questions. Just a few more if that's cool!

What was your sweet spot dose?

How did it affect your heart rate? 
---------chalk------------ 
It's pretty purple, theres no other color to describe it. It's not bright purple, but a chalky purple. 
Eh it's only 100 pack of bars just chalk it up to a loss. At least it wasn't a k pack 
Those are fake as fuck, get a new plug man those are probably 80% chalk lol 
I don't even know myself. I'm chalked full of being up all night at the er. i vomited for 3 hours straight. they say I went into a fugue state. i might still be there 
newsflash: you can snort XR too! Just takes more time and effort than the chalksters 
---------crystal------------ 
Is this the same vendor as TheDrowsyRabbit on AlphaBay?

If that's the case, I got some delicious pure white mdma from them a while back, it was clear crystals and fantastic. Not sure about the presses though, or if it's even the same vendor. 
The vendor seems to be satirizing others who brand their crystals with lavish names. By calling it "Reptile Jizz" people will see that an xtal with a stupid name can be awesome. I think that's what THG was attempting to do anyway. 
I thought people were buying like grams of crystal off him.. I don't think any one would fe that am mount but maybe lol 
You seem to be mixing up "mail" with "product packaging" ....  If anything shipping in a clear mailer / zip / translucent would look sketchy and out of place.  

EDIT:  /u/crystaldust is LEO trying to give us stupid ideas to make their lives easier? 
Nah he extended his 'Christmas' sale because he fucked up that one batch that was underdosed/had bad quality crystal. 

GG really is a stand up guy 
---------salt------------ 
Certainly am. I've had about maybe a good 20 or so packs from salt n pepper land without a hitch. 

If you check out one of those dhl links one guy is getting like 18 packs coming in. 
Look, theres only two kinds of heroin as far as the number system goes, theres freebase 3 and theres hydrochloride salt 4, it has nothing to do with quality. Go fuck yourselves. 
Was literally about to post this also. Nice work Smoker!

What vendor worth his salt would ask "Whats a PGP". 

Go back to school OP, you fucking moron. Cronk is a scammer and we all know it... 
never had a bad experience with them. people say all kinds of shit here about ab, i take it all with a grain of salt. i don't keep my coin in the market either though 
Sold bath salts as meth :-( 
---------shaman------------ 
What did the powder look like? I got some from Mindful Shaman and it was like a slightly off white crystal/powder. 
Uhh what's this about "shaman earth resonance"? 
Serves you right trustin one uh' them **urban** Shamans 
The MindfulShaman on DHL does I'm pretty sure he ships from China though 
Uniform very light tan.  Crushed into a fine powder.  There were a couple very small crystals.  

I FE'd for some from mindful shaman right before abraxas went down and never received it 
---------cactus------------ 
Fennec has tried it. It's good, though fennec can not compare it to taking it in cactus form as they have not taken it that way. 
Just get a salted mescaline. The cactus has other alkaloids too but most aren't that great and bring you down or make you sluggish. 
---------elephant------------ 
how were the elephants? just got some recently 
it was my brothers club in livermore that got raided , also Imedz in san jose, Purple elephant co op in oakland too.. the guy now owns cookies215 
/u/CynicalElephant  /  Did you find my stash....bahahahaha!!!!!! 
But but but... elephants never forget?  My childhood dreams are now shattered. 
I've not had the flower fish but the elephants and hanumen seemed to be dosed roughly as advertised. 
---------zombie------------ 
I got my 2nd today as well. I hope he gets back soon. Solid vendor and I think the bars may be more like 5mg. I try to give people solid advice but they fuck up with them being so strong. I was a zombie for a couple of days a couple weeks ago. 
Still feel like a zombie after a 13hr sleep thanks to 2mg Etizolam 
