 
---------baby powder------------ 
Coke here is cut to shit with speed, clen, or baby powder mate don't even bother. Good speed around though. Huge meth scene, make of that what you will. Shrooms and weed are real good, pills are generally crap but there are great ones around. 
---------dust------------ 
Your not hardcore until you smoke dust. 
I might be in the industry in cali:-) ... I would if you believe in cannabis and are willing to go to jail over it. Because medical or not it happens still.  Also farming is.hard work haha.       If you do it have fun!    Pm any questions 
ODB smoked dust 
Keep up the duster and your going to be too fucking stupid to be a greeter at Walmart. 
Yeah go and huff duster, just don't post about it here because people on their high horse will give you sound advice on how to not competely fuck up your health. 
---------coca-cola------------ 
What about with *real* Coca-Cola, original formulation?

Edit - Think about how fun that meal could be if some of the fun mushrooms were added. 
---------coke------------ 
Drove three hours to see some friends I haven't seen in a while, drank a shit ton, smoked a lil, and on the ball drop railed a fat line of coke to start the new year. It was a good night 
Feeling like you did too much coke is anxiety, it will slowly dissapear. Put your drug life on hold until your legal troubles are over, and find a better way to make money without risking your freedom too much. 
Weed: £7-£10 per g

MDMA: £30-£40 per g, £5-£10 per pill

Speed: £20 per g

Coke: £40-£100 per g

Ket: £40 per g 
Quite euphoric ime approaching 60-80mg nasal. Much better than shitty coke. 
I feel the same way. "Duude you should sort your life out"- from someone who smokes daily and has done coke, whereas I've done LSD, MDMA, 25i only once each. 
---------flour------------ 
If you're looking for orange flavor try bending the orange peel in half and squeeze it so the oils shoot out. If you want to save your moisture, I recommend using a flour tortilla they dry out and don't mold (typically). 
I just dry mine out until it's completely flour like and do little bumps until i feel it. Most speed paste is actually around 20% even though it is advertised often at 70%. 
paste is shipped over from EU and sold. It's garbage though, once you dry it out you lose half the weight, and then it's mixed with sugar/flour as well though I don't mind inactive cuts as much as I do active ones. 
Try ethylphenidate. Ha, no burn can compare. Makes a-php feel like flour. Binged for 3 days one time pretty sure I have a deviated septum :/ 
---------candy------------ 
Hilarious.

IMO 300ugs and 300mg is a perfect candyflip 
You can. It's called [synesthesia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synesthesia) I've had it happen to me once while I candy flipped and then smoked a joint. It was incredible. 
thanks! Yeah, I'm not a big weed person although I take a hit of a friend's j-bird from time to time. Just wanna make sure the happy candyflip fun isn't taken over by a certain "lowness" after the MD wears off basically 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2vn85f/mdma_lsd_the_candy_flip/ 
I've always tried to drop MDMA closer to the peak but I'll give it a go if I dabble in the candy flipped again :) 
---------adam------------ 
A radio comedy sketch maybe? I don't believe for a second that Paisley and Adams were friends 
What if Click was rewritten and instead of a remote, Adam Sandler had a kilo of benzos? 
I eat 90% dark chocolate high pea and anadamine, keeps you up its like speed 
I don't smoke as much as I used to because of kids and stuff, but whenever me and my SO smoke we watch King of the Hill or Workaholics. We geeked out the other night when we watched Jack Black playing Adam Devine's dad 
Nice try Adam 
---------love drug------------ 
I just love drugs 
In that case. I love drugs pussy and alcohol 
Times feels like its going by soooo fucking slowly when im sober after spending months high as a kite. that's why I love drugs so much. I wake up I get high then before I know it I get to rest rinse repeat. 
Most people here will be on the same side regarding drugs, you'd quickly run out of interesting topics that are polarizing to a forum of people who love drugs. 
It is probably a love drug and you were gonna get loved but you ruined the surprise and now you ain't. 
---------skittle------------ 
A few years back I had 120 mg/day prescribed. Docs give that shit out like skittles. 
bro tums is pussy shit. get yourself a proton pump inhibitor, that's the good shit. poppin prilosec like skittles 
---------apache------------ 
Weed and world of Warcraft. Makes me feel like I'm there. Alt-z + first person perspective changes exploration and appreciation. Played bf3 my first time on LSD. I crashed this apache I was flying and screamed so loud. 
---------china white------------ 
I 'm finally pretty much down, I took some China white to help bring me down, but I'm still far away from getting any sleep. :P 
I'm thinking more and more that it's the comedown from the ctmp.

The codeine should have gone out of my system by the time I started feeling odd. Because when I took some China white later I was restored to 'normalcy'(what ever that means). 
Yea I don't know shit about fentanyl except my old manager was hooked on some shit called China white. Reason this post and comments was kinda scary and suspenseful 
The fuck is China white? 
Last time I was there, I was adamantly told to not buy anything off the street. What people thought was "coke" was actually China White Heroin and more than a few people have died in the last few years. Be careful! 
---------snowflake------------ 
They use the search option and find tons of similar posts, you special snowflake! 
A sub dedicated to pointing out the immaturity of memes, aren't you an 'enlightened' little snowflake? 
&gt; I mean residue the inside of the bag simply **sparkled like cute little relaxing snowflakes**.

This got me. 
---------black sheep------------ 
Happy cakeday you black sheep you 
---------brown sugar------------ 
most def. like brown sugar hahaha 
---------acid------------ 
Apomorphine gets its name through the production process. Decomposition of morphine in concentrated acid. 
12-weed
13-alcohol
14-spice, oxycodone, DPH
15-mushrooms,acid, hydrocodone, DXM, meth (snorted) 
and a world of wonders to come 
150$ on acid, 200$ on ketamine, 50$ on xtc. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Picked up a 10 strip of acid which is more than I've ever possessed so I expect to be trippin in 2016. I start grad school in the summer so I wanna get some fun in before I have to focus. 
---------alice------------ 
* Scarface
* Alice in Wonderland
* Up in Smoke

Definitely some good documentaries. 
LSD gets destroyed by the oils on your fingers if you handle it for too long so I doubt it will survive in you sweat. Also I pet my dog before on Alice and didn't notice her tripping out 
I believe you're attributing to malice what can better be explained by stupidity. 
---------haze------------ 
white widow isnt even a "good" strain.. I buy only haze in the coffeeshop in holland. I live in Belgium drive for an hour buy 25 gram haze and drive back. been doing it for 10 years never had issues. We have open borders. 
This week's flavors are Holy Grail,  Cataract Kush and Super Lemon Haze..10 a gram..we can knock that down to 5 a gram if you wear lingerie.;-) 
I'd get a boatload of painkillers and a bottle of Jack.

Eat pills and pour Jack over ice. Roll a cannon of haze. Continue until comatose 
Purple haze digs deep. 
enjoy! amnesia haze is my strain of choice! We dont have much Kush strains where I live... 
---------crackers------------ 
Everything worked out fine, got sober from crackers and water and popped it. God it was The best thing ive ever done in my life i was sooo euphoric.:) 
weed, coke, amphetamines, crack, MDMA, heroin, bath salts, spice, LSD, mushrooms, liver and onions, benzos, crackers 
Even something as simple as some peanut butter and crackers is a good idea, does not have to be anything fancy. 
Just Google firecrackers. Easy tek for single edibles 
---------cookie------------ 
Did you make the cookies and if so did you decarb? 
Half oz = 14g.

14g/24 cookies = .58g/cookie. 

500mg seems to be as accurate as I can get without a lab. 
How sure are you that there's 500mg per cookie? Whats your starting material? 
I would just make a small batch of cookies or a cake or whatever, crush up the cake pops with a fork, and mix those babes into the batter. You may eat quite a bit but you're tolerance also sounds pretty low. 
[Id probably finally get around to writing that novel.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/familyguy/images/5/57/AmazonFTtSoL.png/revision/latest?cb=20150112032242) 
---------ganja------------ 
I've experienced this before. I was relatively new to smoking ganja (maybe a month) and smoked an entire bowl of kief. I seriously couldn't move without throwing up. 
Unless you are malnourished from the last week, molly/ayo/ganja is fine. Just don't overwhelme yourselves. Go slow. 
"Mum, I like ganja." 
10ft Ganja Plant is another nice modern reggae band to check out 
20mg it adderall and as much ganja was you wish. Sounds like a pretty chill day to me 
---------grass------------ 
Ah you beat me to it. Im still responding to random ass people on some Neil degrasse tyson thread from this sub from months ago about why psychedelics are not wormholes to other dimensions... 
I don't know. Valerian has a noticeable effect on me. Just saying that not everyone has your response. Or maybe you got poor quality stuff since companies can legally sell grass clippings as valerian if they want to. 
a pound of grass, a FUCKTON of crack and meth, heroin, nitrous 
Some kind of grass 
Everybody who has an acid trainwreck seems to have smoked before or during. Stay off the grass if you're gonna trip 
---------hash------------ 
To me gravity bong is like heroin, that hit when you exhale Holy shit also prefer with some Strong hash :D 
Definitely some lucy, shrooms, and a shitload of hash oil. Probably some mdma and assorted pharms for shits and giggles. 
I mean iam doing it like that for a couple of years now and its all good... i dont smoke dabs or something. Just hash and buds. 
I get it, I always still made hash coins with my kief from the grinder, but having enough product is a necessity 
Butt hash / ass hash. 
---------herb------------ 
Lmao, never tried yohimbine, its kind of a shitty "laymans herb" in my opinion. MDMA, MAOIs in low doses all make it a good time in my experience. i combined with tram once, felt barely different. trams lame imho. 
Google Paleo method decarboxylation. And no., the cannabinoid can no longer decarb once infused with a lipid. Trust me I'm a caregiver of 8 years. His method will explain it. Good luck! Any questions just ask I know my shit about the herb 
A good pre-formulated herbal detox stack might help. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_Liberation_(book)

Pre-herbivorous canon. Australian. You're welcome. 
That's me. My name is Nicholas bauer. I am an ethnobotanist and psycho active herb activist. I design kava bars and I'm currently working to create a scripted emotional commercial to be released in a month or so. 
---------weed------------ 
you found a very good guy as a dealer, but I think mine would give me weed on credit without problems, I just need to ask, but I do that only if I'm 100% sure to pay him back, not because he scary me in some way, just for respect. 
Agreed, for me they're a total waste of weed since I can really only inhale a few hits or else I'll be puking my guts out while hardly being able to stand up from excess nicotine. 
Weed: £7-£10 per g

MDMA: £30-£40 per g, £5-£10 per pill

Speed: £20 per g

Coke: £40-£100 per g

Ket: £40 per g 
Smoke weed, have a xanax, drink tea and watch TV. 
BC Canada here. its only ever past 200 if its the most dank weed you've ever seen. 
---------pot------------ 
It will likely reduce the potential of the shrooms, but in some cases can completely negate it, and other instances people report they trip just fine. As long as she's only doing 2-3 grams or so to get a feel for how it affects her this first time. 
Only mildly interesting?

DPT may be my favorite psychedelic. I do have a soft spot for LSD and DOC, but I think I'd take DPT over most any tryptamine--though obviously it's suited less for some things than others. 
Thanks for the advice, any and all suggestions are welcome :) I'll look into possibly taking out a small personal loan, I hadn't considered that yet! And yeah I'm just glad this fuck up didn't go as horribly as it potentially could have. 
fear and loathing in las vegas
the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 
Seen it after a year in a mason jar. Kinda the color of Dijon mustard and dry as hell. Super couch lock. But it wasn't buried. Jars are good but there's probably a better spot for you. 
---------chalk------------ 
Initially I was going to post a sarcastic response, but that wouldn't be very constructive. If you feel it necessary to chalk these ideologies up to insanity be my guest. 
Looked identical to the 2 mg script bars I've seen. Not chalky really just a very very hard pill that could barely even be scratched 
switch to klonopin it tastes sweet-ish.  like sweetened chalk. 
I'll randomly have a lot of saliva coming off of pain pills/h.

Rare for me, but it happens.

Only time it has happened is on that drug, not MDMA.

I'd chalk it up to "different drugs affect different people different ways". 
Back when I messed around with PST, I'd dose Friday and Saturday.  Sunday and Monday I'd feel pretty lethargic which I chalked up to "withdrawal."  Made the switch to kratom and never went back to PST. 
---------crystal------------ 
You can't unless you use MGSO4, 4-MMC, 4-MEC or something similar as a rocking agent.

Racemic MDMA simply will not grow huge crystals like that.  MDAM HCL ends up a a powder, or small crystals. 
That's right.  this crystalline powder is a wormhole that only opens when you ingest it, and closes when the substance has been broken down.

What a load of shit. 
I probably can but I rarely go for crystals. 
I've heard that 1P-LSD is a replica of a true crystal form of real acid. Now I promise you none of this trip was fabricated. 
Will not create rocks.  Big MDMA crystals are an adulterated form. 
---------salt------------ 
Is mxe bath salts? Like what was in it at one point in the stores? 
Why do you list dexamphetamine and lisdexamphetamine as their own, compared to ampthetamine salts? From my understanding, amphetamine salts is a blend of dex and lisdex amph. 
I have added a little salt and a bit of disinfection spray thats meant for open wound cleaning. I think its enough to kill most bacteria in tapwater. 

I do this mixture into a old empty and cleaned nasal decongestant spray bottle. 
Bath salts was a category ? Normally it's by chemical name, like MDPV for example. 
Word, I've read that LSD and psychs in general stimulate that 'new' or 'profound' sensation in our brains so I take my acid realizations with a grain of salt. 
---------shaman------------ 
I would say the path with entheogens its more of a quest.  A way into the mysteries of the mind shouldn't be too profound, i mean its not like your a all knowing shaman. 
Glad it went well. I'm curious how legit this "shaman" seemed? There's a Daime chapter in my town but I've heard very mixed reviews. 
If they were people lsd would be like a mad scientist. Shrooms is like a shaman. 
if you think you're a drug induced all knowing shaman 
You need professional help. Professional shaman that is. If you are not able to enjoy the ride, you need a guide. 
---------cactus------------ 
Peyote yes the cactus, or the active chemical mescaline 
[ Idk, random cactuses might have potential... ] (http://i.imgur.com/zGqV75B.gif) 
All good! I'm a frequenter on /r/druggardening and we get a LOT of people asking for help stealing cactuses. Just wanted to be sure. 
Specifically San Pedro or Peyote cactus. Don't just go to the garden centre and start munching random succulents. 
Look up san pedro or peruvian torch cactus to find mescaline legaly. 
---------amoeba------------ 
All ya'll water snorters out there : http://www.livescience.com/17507-brain-eating-amoeba-fatalities-linked-common-cold-remedy.html

TL;DR boil the water before snorting it. Obviously wait for it to cool, but brain eating amoebas are no fun. 
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/guest-blog/a-brush-with-brain-eating-amoebas-and-saltwater-nose-genies/ 
---------elephant------------ 
Elephant flip with 3-MeO-PCP in replace of PCP. Could be interesting. 
Carfentanil is so strong that humans cannot use it safely or recreationally. Its only use is as a large animal (Elephants, Rhinos, etc) tranquilizer - and the dose for this is still on the microgram scale. The more you know. 
Don't think of an elephant. Oh shit. 
You could see sound, Synathesia. What's not true is that you'll see shit out of thin air like the Pink Elephants. Maybe on Salvia and DPH, but more likely you won't enjoy it. 
HAHAHAHAHAHA Straight up man ! Every time I don't dab for a little while or smoke enough THC to put an elephant in a coma I always feel like I've pissed my self I hate it so much ! 
---------zombie------------ 
that's a good approach! good it worked out for you. hilarious your dad referred to it as "chinese zombie coke" after using google 
hehe yeah, I've had a lot of weird surreal dreams where like, I'm watching third person, or fighting zombies nightmare creatures style. I love the variety 
Do not take them. Not worth the high, your effort to get clean is much more valuable than some zombie like high. Be proud of yourself and flush them. I know that i am proud of you, opiate addiction is unbelievable hard to get rid of. :) 
Pop the Xanny I'm stressin (WOOP) Pop the Molly I'm flexin. But seriously, you have a good idea. Don't get on Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, they'll zombie you out after a couple weeks and they're basically suicide pills long term. 
Make zombie juice with shrooms. Basically grind up like a gram or two, put it in a shot glass and fill the rest with lemon juice. Let it soak for about an hour and then shoot it. Very consistent trip and hits you like a train 
